Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week Nintendo has announced that Miitomo is joining everybody votes in the digital information ether. Be sure to save your decorations for posterity.
Tonight we're going back to the past but in a new new way. Stay tuned for the rest of the week's gaming news starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back. It's another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight episode number 716 for this January the 28th of 2018. My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me on Twitter as Skye.
Joining me, not tonight, unfortunately DarkSakura or Jamie Summers. She has the night off. She wasn't feeling too well.
As you all know she had some things a few weeks ago and I think she had a very busy day yesterday. I know she went to San Francisco.
I think something involved with her sister's thing that she's involved with. So she probably needed today to relax so we'll support that.
But coming back to the show this week. I guess they're flip flopping this month. Coming back to the show tonight, Tech Master Loki.
Hello. How are you doing, Loki? I'm doing alright. Good. How was the kids birthday?
It was good. We just went and had some food over at Olive Garden. I wish somebody would do that for my birthday.
Well yeah, I mean he just wanted presents so he got his presents. He got Power Rangers. He's been getting in the Power Rangers. Shane would be proud.
So his favorite thing now is Power Rangers Ninja of Steel and Samurai. It's not the latest. I think it's one of them.
Because I think Megaforce is the latest one because it has all of them. It's sad that I know now about Power Rangers. I mean this is not sad but I'm starting to learn.
Something you never thought would happen.
But yeah, he's really into it now so he got a couple of the Ranger toys for his birthday. Then my dad came over and he's like what is he like.
I'm like well he likes Power Rangers, Ninja Steel stuff. So he ended up getting the Megazord thing which is exactly what he wanted.
Oh cool. Oh cool that worked out because we were looking for the other thing but this is what they had.
Nice. Yeah he's been playing with that. So yeah it went alright. It was just very low key. We didn't really do anything.
Good. Well we held down the fort best we could. I don't know if you heard the playback at all but we had an interview with an old friend.
The show Mel B was here via Skype last week and he was promoting the DDR freestyle tournament which happened on Saturday.
So his freestyle takeover happened and come to find out at the last minute they needed another judge because things happened.
Somebody wasn't able to make it so they actually reached out to me to see if I would judge it.
And I was really honored but admittedly I was a little scared about judging because I'm kind of like well I wasn't really a big freestyler.
Everybody else on the panel was a big freestyler. But then I also thought well does Simon Cowell sing? I don't think he does.
No. And I am really good at judging people. I do it a lot in my personal life. So yeah I did it and I had a lot of fun.
I was wondering like would my list match up with everybody else's but the good news is I picked the same winner that actually won.
So I guess I was on the same page after all. So it was good. But the tournament was good. I just want to give a shout out to everybody involved.
There was only about 9 people that entered which isn't quite maybe where Arcade Infinity was back in the day.
But I kind of see it as like a really good start to hopefully revitalize it. Like you got to start somewhere right?
Well to be fair it's kind of like a renaissance now to come back because it's not what it was back then.
No. Not yet but it could get back there based on what we saw at the tournament.
So I know they've been talking about doing it again soon and I hope they do.
And I think one thing that probably really encourages them is the big turnout on Twitch.
They had a pretty decent turnout on Twitch just from everybody around being able to check it out.
And even if there wasn't a ton of in competition routines to see. 9 isn't bad though.
There was a lot of exhibition stuff. Like a lot of the people who used to do it back in the day kind of got back up on the machine.
No I didn't do it. I just wasn't really prepared to do that. So I didn't.
But a lot of the people that are better at dancing than I did got up there and did it and it was fun to watch.
So I really do hope they kind of keep pushing the freestyle thing and do it again when they're talking about doing it again.
I would really encourage if it's possible to maybe do stuff at conventions. That's what I'm going to kind of give them as feedback.
Go to conventions. If MagWest comes back see if you can't do some type of freestyle exhibition thing in the arcade at MagWest.
Or California Extreme or some of these other conventions. Kind of let people see film. Get the new movies out there and it'll just build up from there.
I did see some of you guys in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com where we do tape live every Sunday night at the voice of geeks network.
vognetwork.com. 6 o'clock Pacific 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. I did see some of the chatters in the Twitch room.
So I know y'all are getting around so that's good. I'm reading chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dar Tetsuya said Rob's American Idol reference makes me think of the only other DDR tournament I ever entered.
Mel B did a really good Randy Jackson. Yes. Well back when freestyle was first starting American Idol had just started.
So a lot of those jokes weren't really tired yet. Bobby Black Wolf asks where was the Rob exhibition? About 30 pounds ago.
Let's see. S.G.O. 100 Matt says I watched it after the fact. Well yep that's the great thing about archives you can watch whenever you want.
And S.G.O. 100 Matt continues it's funny that so many of my West Coast friends were at that tournament. Yeah honestly that was the best part.
It really was with seeing all these people I hadn't seen in years. Like oh hey you got married and have kids now and oh hey I haven't seen you in like actually like 10 years.
Even though we follow each other on Twitter we only maybe live two hours apart. I actually joked to somebody I said this is like the high school reunion that I want to go to.
That's what yesterday really felt like was like this is the high school reunion I want to go to but then it's like you're mixed in with the current class.
But it was good it was good getting to see the future and the past and I guess the present as well of DDR freestyle and it's it's really neat seeing this whole DDR thing kind of getting a bit of a renaissance.
Like you know I have to be honest I have nothing but respect for the people that are doing Perfect Attack and doing those tournaments and I know there's great talent over there.
But the reality is it's really hard for me to follow because it's like I I'm not at a stamina or physical level where I can do that anymore. You know.
Yeah I completely understand. I know we'll get to that in a minute. But the freestyle stuff I mean not that I don't know if I could get in that but there's there's a showmanship and there's a showing us the freestyle stuff that's very very you know attracting.
There was people that the nice thing about round one it has like all these like glass fronts around the building. So there were people in the DDR machines right in the front.
So like there were these people that were randomly shopping in the mall and they'd be kind of looking through the glass and suddenly they're peering through the glass like it's those old Mervyn's commercials open open open right.
Yes the whole thing. And then like apparently as I understand it when there would be cheering and clapping because somebody did an awesome like leg drop or something like the people downstairs shopping at Macy's or some shit would be like turning around like what the hell's going on up there type of thing.
So it was cool that it got that attention from you know normals. So now looking for more comments over at chat live dot vog network dot com dark to see and chat says yeah that's what I said I lost count of the times I heard I count the times I said wow I haven't heard that name in years.
Let's see. Bobby says if I wasn't watching on my PS4 I would have chatted more. I think all I did was press F to pay respects once. Was that what was the joke. Was that when the maple syrup fell over. I don't know if you guys saw that. I don't think that made the stream.
But why was there maple syrup involved in this tournament. So Captain Canada. Do you remember that name from back in the day. I vaguely remember that. Well he was one of the guys that organized this tournament. He did one of the exhibitions and he went all out and he did.
He did maple syrup shots before getting up on there and then he had his big instead of like the Avengers Captain America shield there's like a Canadian version with a maple leaf. Yes. And then I don't know why but I don't remember his handle from back in the day Ryan.
I don't know what his handle was was sitting in there in the audience with a make America great again hat and was like booing and screaming and then like at the end of the routine Captain Canada kicked his ass.
And it was it was funny like it was it's one of those like you had to be there was really far you had to be on Twitch. It was funny I got a kick out of it and it was yeah it was fun to watch but that's why there was maple syrup at this tournament.
Okay. Why not Loki. Why not. Because maple syrup and dance pads. It's just like no. Yeah. Yeah. And when it spilled away somebody better clean that up quick. Oh my gosh.
Orange right asks is it archived. Yeah it's archived the Twitch name is which is funny I think it's Captain Canada's Twitch but his Twitch name is Gabby J like the super punch out. I think it's Gabby underscore J and all the archives are there I was watching some of it like briefly very briefly earlier.
S 200 Matt in chat also says so your first impressions around one Rob I've actually been before that was not my first time around when I've actually been several times the one in San Jose I've been to four or five times the one in Concord just as many so yeah I actually I sadly didn't play a lot.
Should we get one over here. Oh here in SAC. There's rumors that they are looking at it. So we'll see. I mean rumors are rumors but they're out there that it may go in South Sacramento of all places.
So and I'm thinking it's probably the new Delta shores still has some space to try to fill up so that might be where they're looking to put in it which would be very interesting. So we'll see. I mean I would I would love it.
But yeah they're growing they are opening more of them so I hope they do make their way to Sacramento. That'd be rad. But in the meantime a trip to a trip to almost said Chico a trip to Concord isn't that bad to go to round one.
So it's only about an hour. So OK. So there are some DDR that happened yesterday and I do just want to make sure I give snaps to all the organizers and all the people that participated getting up there and do their thing.
So yeah it was great. Thanks. Thank you for creating the high school reunion. I was happy to go to as opposed to the one I literally took a nap instead of going to Loki.
Yes. So you've also had a busy week when it comes to dance dance revolution. Yeah. We're throwing it back to episode one. Hell yeah a little bit. Yeah. So OK. So what happened in your world this week. So why didn't you make the tournament.
Well it's actually well even as far as last week. So last week I went and looked at a dance dance revolution machine that a private seller was selling and I made the decision to purchase said machine.
So yesterday I got a U-Haul truck went up there with a couple of friends and we went and brought the machine back to my garage. So now I am the owner of a dance dance revolution extreme machine.
Living the dream 16 years later owning a DDR. I know it's just it's ridiculous. So apparently from what I get from what the seller said he said that it originally came from the Santa Cruz beach boardwalk.
I thought it was from their arcade but I don't think it was. It may have been actually on the boardwalk somewhere. Oh interesting. It is a little sun faded on the like marquee and stuff.
Yeah. It was a third Korean machine I think that got bootleg upgraded to downgrade that shit. You know I think it got upgraded to an extreme because the market you go backwards.
Well it is fucking rad if it's bootleg. It's maybe if it's bootleg you can usually they have. Now you can get a DVD drive and hook it up to it and they have what's called a super disk that has 12 mixes on it.
I'm assuming third cream is one of them. So you could do some of that stuff. But yeah or fourth mix with the Korean stuff. I would accept that as well.
I've got all I've got a lot of DDR mix CDs and cassettes so like I have I used to collect those back when I was trying to rip songs and stuff from.
So I have like fourth mix fifth mix. I'm sure I've got Mac. Do you know why you need a third Korean. Do you know why you need a third Korean.
The song is so good. So good. Actually a lot of the Korean songs. There's a lot of my favorite. Originally. So I think that's what it was supposed to be. So it was he said it was a Korean cab.
But I don't know. So whatever it was there it ended up in a cellar or an owner in Antioch for a while. And then the guy bought it who he has this huge arcade collection like three rooms full of like 19 cabinets and stuff.
And he's got like a police 9 1 1 machine and like gauntlet dark legacy and area 51 and a bunch of Star Wars pinball machines and stuff. And so he wants to get more machines but there's this thing takes a way too much room.
So he's getting rid of that and a bunch of other machines to make room for that. You know he can talk to about changing the mix on your machine.
Our guest from last week because he's he he has he has the fully realized garage arcade dream. Now is it. But you've said this is not a start to like. No. My wife is not happy.
How is how is the wife dealing with this because that was my first thing was like how did Loki convince the wife. This is I asked. She said yes reluctantly but I'll take it.
It was still yes. So yes. So no it's so like I said you know I it's in the garage. It's not really taking up space in the house. I know she wanted to park her car in the garage. It's the garage is not ready to park a car in yet. And honestly the way I set it up you can park a car in the garage still.
It's so we just small car. Well one car. I mean we just need to I'm I put it facing my garage door instead of facing sideways like you would think against the wall for a couple of reasons one so that I can get into the back if I want to to do work on it or whatever.
And two it's narrower with wise than it is length. So I just went ahead and put it that way so that if when I do clean up the garage you can park a car in there and have a deep air machine.
The other thing is the guy that had it before the last guy he put it in an LCD screen. So it has an LCD screen instead of an actual CRT which made it a lot lighter to move because that thing fucking is heavy.
Yeah those are heavy cabinets. I'm sure but but also the sun fading probably impacted the old monitor that was in there and the LCD probably doesn't get affected by that or it's it got out of the sun.
Yeah it's yeah it's kind of rigged up. It's all right. It cuts off the bottom of the screen but it looks like I can probably adjust it. But the big thing that that's what that's important is because if down the road I want to turn it into a step mania machine.
It's gonna be fucking easy to do it because I'm not going to need really the hardware to convert the signal over because it's just straight VGA gotcha. So that'll be awesome.
How much of your machine have you actually got to play. I played for 30 minutes yesterday. Good. And like it here and there the kids have been hogging it. They've been playing as much as they can. I guess there's worse things the kids could be doing.
Yeah. So we put in the unlock codes because the guy that had it before me he didn't first I didn't know anything about it like he's like didn't know that there was more songs than what was initially on him like dude you know you can like change the sort and there's like a whole bunch of like hundred extra songs that you haven't seen before.
And I'm like and you don't even have the unlock code in here. So there's like 30 more songs that are on that. So what. I had no idea you could do that. And like when I tested it I played doubles. He's like I didn't know you could do that.
Like how long have you had this machine. So he wasn't loving it. No he didn't love that machine Loki. You love that machine. Yeah. I mean it's all right. This is Loki's leg lamp.
No it's good. I mean I I couldn't. The price was great. I mean I didn't spend a lot of money on it. So it was a stroke of luck that I got it because there was other people interested in that one guy that was ahead of me because of what I said OK yeah I want to get it.
Or can I look at it. He's like OK well there's someone else that's interested. If they wanted them they're going to take it but they're going to see if it fits in their cabin in Lake Tahoe.
And so they came back and they're like no it doesn't fit in their cabin. So I was like whoa is this going to work out. You know and then so I went looked at it I'm like OK is this really busted.
And he's all well the only thing that's wrong with it is this lights burnt out on there. There's one of the marquee lights. No it was burnt out. Funny enough I get it home.
You know it tried changing the light bulb. No no no. It wasn't burnt out. The cord wasn't plugged in all the way. So he didn't love that machine Loki. It was neglected. It was fine. I mean there's other things that need to be fixed on it like some but like one of the push buttons needs to be the thing needs to be replaced.
I can do that super easy. And then the pads on the left hand side are not sensitive anymore. So like I fail songs on the left side but when I play on the right side I don't fail those songs. So it's there are sensors that need to be replaced or tweaks.
I'm going to do the foam pad modification to it to make it more sensitive to see if that'll fix it. If not just replace the sensors in it. And then the marquee.
It looks like it's it. It was printed out and I think it's got water damage to it because it looks all weird. I mean it's fine but do you want a DDR second mix Mark. No I don't know. I'm good. We have one hanging in the studio for those that we have a DDR second mix marquee.
I don't need a second. But no there's like small things. I mean it's it's it's absolutely minor for like what I'm playing. I can't. I'm not trying to triple a song right now. There's no fucking way that's going to happen. I'm like I got to go back to playing single pad you know single pad stuff for the six.
You know that's because I am just out of shape. So it's a really good thing. I mean this is the one plus about me not owning a home like I know that's supposed to be the American dream and all and Loki owns a home.
Our soccer owns a home. I don't own a home but I do worry if I did own the home I'd be filling it up with all this shit like even worse than both of you. And she has like nine pinball machines.
And now you have a DDR machine. I'm the only one. You know what I have two little classic arcade machines that I bought at what are the Jamie bought me at Wal-Mart because I wanted them and that I have since put the official in this last week the pop vinyl RuPaul's drag race collection on top of.
So when you walk into my house in the garage you now see drag queens and video games and it's like it me someday someday.
Yeah I know something like a 2D X or something. Yeah. Oh don't tease me. Be fun. Yeah. All right. So when's the big party. When are we all coming over to play. I guess come over whenever you want. Nice.
I'll be there tomorrow. No just kidding. We'll figure something out. I'll be fun. Yeah. Well we should do like a live stream from your garage. Some point they'll be fine. Thankfully like all the shots that we have in the garage right now have been the clean side because everything's pushed to the other side.
Have you seen my office where I do my twitch broadcast from it's like there's the one little clean bubble and then there's just stuff everywhere. It's it's fine to tell that television is an illusion Loki.
So it's I honestly it's not that cluttered. It's just it's video game stuff that's in there. I've got my like rock band stuff. I've got boxes of equipment I had from one I had. We had a game room set up at my old work so I've got like all the cables and stuff for that and just like parts and things.
So if it's something I can get cleaned up out of there it's just right now I haven't gotten a chance to but I we're doing like Loki I am not one to judge over a messy home. I'm really really not. So I know your garage can have as much crap this way like all the minor things aside.
I don't fucking care because this is your machine. It fucking works. It's not broken as like this stuff and it's yours. No seriously the stuff I was looking at at that price before was like it was a broken broken techno motion machine that need a ton of work and like monitor was missing and stuff like that.
This is a machine that's actually in great. I think it's been pretty great condition just neglected it just minor shit. I mean I can deal with minor shit. That's fine.
So all right. Well I still Loki I just I'm going to throw this out there. The biggest regret for me personally this goes back to the whole where's Rob's arcade was when I saw that Burger Time machine at the Roseville auction. I didn't buy it.
That's that's my biggest regret in life. I try not to have many regrets but not buying that Burger Time machine is one of them. So I'm glad you fully realized your dream Loki.
I mean yeah this is pretty much the end game. So like my wife's like well what the next thing it's just going to be bigger and bigger and bigger. I'm like no this is what I wanted. Like when I built it when I built the first arcade cabinet was to convert into a DVR machine when I got the candy cab is to make a DVR machine.
It's like it's always been to make a DVR machine. I have a DVR machine. Don't need to make a DVR machine. There it is. There it is. It's done. There it is. Now you just have to you know make a game. Now. Yeah.
All right. We're going to move on. That was a lot of DVR talk. But the good kind you know is good. It's been been a long time since we were a DVR focused show.
Memories. All right. Let's talk about the actual kickoff topic we were supposed to talk about tonight because we are all about all types of video games.
Loki's give it give us a new story here to start us off. So about Facebook. Yeah. So Facebook's trying to get into the game streaming business. So you know they're working on creating a competitor to like twitch or like maybe YouTube gaming.
They're saying that right now they're exploring different options for monetization leaving out mixer as a competitor shade button.
Just just just an observation. Go ahead.
Well they're saying that you know I guess the they have a pilot program they're playing on using I guess the existing technology that Facebook has and they said they also wanted to use the Oculus as one of their streaming platforms using like for VR games or something like that.
So it's interesting. However though I'm still a little concerned because you know Facebook does you know apparently has the exclusive streaming rights for the ESL and broadcasting the Dota 2 stuff and apparently wasn't all that great.
And on top of that you know they've been kind of doing a smackdown on people that have been broadcasting on their own on Twitch because you know like in TV you know certain channels get the rights to exclusive rights to broadcast like the NFL or you know NBA or stuff like that.
And so because this is the Internet it's still not really different in that respect. However it's kind of conflicting based off of what they've said before where oh yeah anybody can broadcast these you know Dota TV things but so some people are not happy that their channels have gotten banned.
But you just can't do it to a competitor either. Yeah. Yeah. So because they really don't like it when you stream like NFL games or the worst is the pay per view events like don't don't try streaming those to Twitch. You will get banned for that and it's not good.
Yeah. So apparently like they have like some screenshots of like what it looked like. It was just looks like a garbled mess.
Well I thought Facebook kind of did some game streaming as it is. I know especially with Blizzard they have the Facebook stuff built in there and once in a great while I will see friends streaming maybe like Overwatch or Heroes of the Storm or something on to Facebook.
But I don't think that's really maybe caught on as big as Facebook would hope. It's kind of it's like right in the middle of the feed with oh so and so's recent cat picture and so and so's moral outrage about something like Facebook like their feet is jacked up if you're not using like some sort of external thing to fix it because like I'll go and find something it's like oh hey that's pretty cool and I'll scroll down the screen or something and scroll back up and it's like oh now it reshuffled everything and now that story is gone.
It's like great. So I mean they need I think if they're going to do a streaming platform that they need to separate it off like another section of you know streaming or gaming or something like that that's like completely separate that you can find all that because just finding your feet is going to be really hard to engage in people and if they want to like do it like twitch.
Discover abilities a huge part of why I think which has been so successful is that you know it's it's pretty easy to you know categorize what you're doing and have the ability to be discovered especially since twitch launched the community thing and I really wish they integrate the community thing better into the PlayStation 4 and Xbox one versions of the app but it's probably just not their highest priority right now.
But yeah discover abilities really big on twitch and to as much as I hit the shade button on mixer earlier you know I still think mixer as a platform from a technological standpoint has a lot of awesome stuff like I love that you get the credits for watching things and I think the discover ability in some ways and mixer is is actually almost a little better because mixer really likes to feature up and comers in a particular section of their website as well.
It's just that mixer hasn't caught that wave yet you know it doesn't have everybody on a lot of big names so they're not honestly like with twitch I don't really go to twitch to watch anything like it's not like a YouTube or anything like that for me it's more of what is better than YouTube for me YouTube's at the bottom of the barrel for me but that's me personally.
Well I don't really watch live streams I mean I watch pre tape live streams I guess but I don't watch a ton of live streams on YouTube but for me it's like I won't go to twitch unless I'm watching like you know awesome games done quick or something like that that I know is going to be there you know it's not like I'm going to go watch somebody on twitch I don't really have anybody I follow that broadcasts really frequently on twitch.
Over in chat at live.vognetwork.com actdef says I know people that stream games on Facebook how how do they did what do they get out of it do they just like to show off to their friends or are they getting discovered by others or I mean are they happy with it I guess I guess if they're still doing it they are but I'm kind of curious about that actdef and looking at some other comments over at live.vognetwork.com fantaz in chat says people actually watch mixer I know they do I'm just being shady and it is it is integrated integrated well.
Into the Xbox one obviously you would hope that it is and I do appreciate that even though Microsoft has mixer they haven't tried to be shady about like blocking twitch or YouTube or other ways to do it I do appreciate and applaud Microsoft for not being shitty about that if that makes sense.
Oh and the other thing I think is really cool about mixer that I thought twitch would have stolen by now but is the whole co streaming where you do the the multiple points of view all at once I mean it can get a little chaotic with the audio but I think if you know you do it right like those could be a lot of fun to I would like to do more.
They should do the audio similar to how they did it with awesome games done quick where they have like you know this one has the audio source the rest are just you know video.
actdef in chat points out their fan pages it's a regional gaming group and have streams for Xbox and Nintendo stuff Tigerclaw in chat says you can stream games on Periscope I didn't I didn't realize that I mean it makes sense I kind of forgot about Periscope.
Yeah.
But anyway.
All right.
So we'll see how Facebook does with this again I have concerns I just I think Facebook's trying to get its hands in a lot of pots and I think there's a there's an interesting I think kind of backlash coming for Facebook I mean we all we all have those couple friends of ours that have deleted their accounts by now if you're not one of them.
I'm sure we have listeners who left Facebook a long time ago or don't use it because you know there is a lot of crap on there and there's a lot of you know weird social interactions that happened there that don't happen in real life.
What I mean is people leave comments to other people you wouldn't say to somebody's face in real life and I think a lot of people are starting to realize that some of that on Facebook is kind of toxic in a way.
Yeah.
And you know what was it Tim Cook had recently said Tim Cook is what you know the CEO of Apple.
He said he wouldn't let his nephew use social media or something like that.
I mean that's pretty bad.
And one of the guys that used to work at Facebook has kind of expressed regret for some of the stuff like some of these tech giants are starting to come out and say maybe maybe the monster we built.
Maybe what was it called in Terminator maybe that this wasn't such a good idea after all.
Cyberdyne.
Cyberdyne yeah maybe maybe face face a dyne wasn't the best idea after all.
So or what was it.
No it wasn't the site it was cyber dyne was the name of the company it was.
Why can't I remember somebody and somebody in chat will remember over at live dog and network dot com dungeon bus guy next guy.
Yes guy that is.
Took me a sec.
That's that's the beauty of having a live chat room.
They're here to correct us when our old brains can't remember from a movie from there's a lot of knowledge up there.
So I think sometimes pushes out the it knows how to fix the DDR machine but it forgot about Skynet.
All right.
Anyway let's get into talking a little bit about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we've been playing this week.
Loki I'll start with you.
How was your gaming week.
So aside from I did play a little bit DDR extreme obviously.
So I played you know quite a few songs.
It's funny like going back and playing that like there's a lot of songs I'm like I didn't remember that being on DDR extreme like I thought that they got rid of that song after Max 2 or something.
You know there's a lot of like crossover songs that I was like oh yeah.
Was that on there.
I thought that wasn't on there.
So that's kind of interesting just to go back and see all that stuff.
But yeah I'm trying my goal is to play at least 30 minutes a day that you know for exercise because and honestly right now that's about all I can handle which is it's sad that I've gotten to this point but I mean I've got it.
This is one of the reasons why I got a DDR machines because it's no I know it's something that I would be able to stick with.
So that's the whole point is just exercise in any exercise better than no exercise.
So that's my goal is to work on that and hopefully be able to actually play more like I used to maybe after a year or two of doing that.
And then of course you know non DDR stuff.
I did play well still kind of DDR related I played some step mania because I downloaded on my PC just to kind of mess around with and that's so fun.
Non DDR related stuff.
I've been playing Stardew Valley still and it's all right.
I don't know. It's just a grind but at least it's it seems like it's somewhat entertaining.
It's for me it seems like it's a good mix of like almost Animal Crossing with Minecraft and I guess maybe Harvest Moon but I've never played Harvest Moon so it's just I don't know it's entertaining or relaxing I guess it's not a whole lot to it.
So I've been doing that and then.
I don't know that's it. I haven't really been playing too many mobile games this week either.
All right. Let's see over. I want to respond to this at live dot vog network dot com.
Going back just a little bit but S.H.A. 100 Matt in chat says I stream last night but only one person came to watch.
I kind of stream so infrequently that I understand if I don't get too many viewers.
But to be honest I don't do it for views.
I mostly want to do it to share the things that I like with my friends and like minded folks.
You're in the right mindset S.H.A. 100 Matt. If you get into anything regarding content creation expecting to make 500 views out the gate.
You're only going to be disappointed. Like let me tell you from having done this show for 15 years.
There have been episodes where we have six listeners.
There have been episodes where we had six thousand listeners and it's gone up and down and all around over the years.
You know we've been kind of fortunate to see both sides of it all.
But at the end of the day here doing OLR it's really about you know you guys the loyal folks that we have showing up every Sunday.
Getting to hang out with Loki and Jamie and just like kind of putting the content out there I think kind of all comes together.
We just do it because it's fun. It's a thing to do on Sunday. Exactly. Exactly.
So that's and I know that's kind of where your mind is that S.H.A. 100 Matt but I'm kind of sharing this for everybody.
But if you want to like grow your audience I think one of the easiest best ways to do that especially on Twitch is support other people.
You know what I mean by that is follow other accounts.
You know even if you can only host your one viewer when you're done for somebody else do it because people will recognize that stuff.
And then you know you make other friends that broadcast maybe one of these days when they're done with a stream they'll send their viewers to you.
You guys might remember you know I don't I don't have a huge Twitch presence because my main focus has been on podcasting and I've kept trying and trying to do the Twitch thing.
But it's gone back to doing three podcasts a week which is you know that's that's a lot of my time. I'm very happy with it.
I feel like I'm creating a variety of content again which was something that was really missing from last year.
So you know I'm I'm happy but I don't have a huge audience on Twitch and that's OK.
But you guys might remember one night after the show I was doing Cuphead right.
And some random guy playing Cuphead dumped 73 viewers on me like you know at one point which is a lot of viewers for my stream.
So you just never know when something's going to hit. But a big part of it is just like getting out there doing it doing it regularly supporting other people.
At some point you will be noticed and that one viewer may turn into five viewers which may not seem like a huge number.
But it's five times what you had before. Yeah. So you know it'll it'll happen.
Just keep at it. And I you know I kind of have to remind myself of this advice too because I've been very bad about doing the Twitch thing regularly.
But you know I've chosen to stick more with podcasts is what I what's what I know it's what I'm I think I'm good at.
So you know and I feel really good about what's going on with here with what I do for our reading is fundamental even though I'm you know not the producer of that show I feel good about what I'm contributing there.
And then shaking and crying which you know I promoted on the show last week.
I just I'm having great feelings about that show. It's really really good to be doing that show with Victoria and I've gotten some good feedback on that.
So yeah.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Laundry radio at vog network dot com use the pass phrase root.
I guess I kind of got on a tangent there but that's OK. That was an important comment over at live dot vog network dot com.
I'm also trying to catch up on other chats over at live dot vog network dot com.
Act-deft in chat says the same happens for me and my podcast. We don't get more than like 20 views on YouTube.
But I like talking about stuff. Well you know what 20 people would still fill a small room that's still like a well attended meeting.
You know so that's that's pretty good. You know 20 is nothing to be ashamed of whatsoever.
You know find find the find the joy in the small audiences and it sounds like you do. I'm just you know reiterating that for maybe people who don't.
Let's see over at chat live dot vog network dot com. Act-deft points out GFM cast.
It's in Spanish. Hence why I don't really promote here that much. Well hey if we have Spanish speakers out there go to GFM cast.
There you go. Free plug. There you go. That's that's how knowing people will help out sometimes.
Bobby Black Wolf says that's more people than attended some of vog's dragon con panels. 20 people.
That's absolutely right. That's absolutely right. We've had less people that show up in person for a vog panel and it happens.
We still did the best panel we could and we had a lot of fun and we may have been sober or not but we had a really good time.
So I always have a great time at Dragon Con. OK. My gaming week over at live dot vog network dot com.
In chat if you want to chat along with the show. Honestly see my gaming week wasn't really that spectacular.
All the usual suspects right. Y'all know I play Ingress and Pokemon Go all the time. That's no surprise.
Final Fantasy 14 I've kind of been ramping more and more because there's a big patch that comes out on Tuesday.
And like I mentioned a few weeks ago I moved servers which was you know it was a it was a hard change.
But you know I'm trying to take in the whole like OK new people I'm playing with I haven't got to play with before so I can kind of go do new stuff.
So you know kind of been enjoying that type of thing. And yeah still Heroes of the Storm. Quite a bit of that.
I just I try to do my matches every day. I just bought Hanzo today who's more fun to play in Heroes of the Storm than he is in Overwatch in my opinion.
But that's just my opinion. Played a little bit of Overwatch because I wanted to do that cosmetic update that just happened.
And I had to buy Pharah's new skin. Like and I actually had the currency to do it so I was really happy so I got Pharah's new skin.
So yay. Alright. So that's really my gaming week. That was really it.
Did you play anything at round one?
No. Is that weird?
That is weird.
There was just so many people there that obviously all the music games were like taken over.
And I didn't really want to play the ticket games or the crane games and I just I don't know I thought about playing theater with them.
But then it's like when I would kind of look over there then it's like oh there's that person I haven't seen in like five years and so I just didn't get around to it.
I did go to Daiso and I bought a ton of candy so you know I did something while I was at the mall.
And the mall actually had the RuPaul's Drag Race pop vinyls in stock whereas it was all sold out here.
So thank you to DDR Freestyle Takeover for getting me to that mall where these were actually in stock.
So there's that. Let's see.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
SHG100Matt says I want to get Widowmaker's new skin.
Fantaz says I'm wondering if it's finally time for me to buy Overwatch yet.
Have made some new friends that play it.
I think Overwatch is a great game and it's you know they're what's really good about it is that Blizzard hasn't just shut it down after a year.
They're still adding to it. They're still investing in it.
So you know I think I think there's a lot there.
Overwatch has those free weekends pretty regularly.
Like it feels like it's almost once a month or once every other month at this point.
So if you're really not sure wait for one of those free weekends and then you can play with your friends.
And hopefully you'll have a good experience and then maybe you'll decide to buy the game.
I feel like it's on sale a lot these days too.
So you know the price of getting in the door is not as high as it was.
Alright.
Also Fantaz make sure you know what platform your friends are on though.
Because I'm sure you're already aware but PC not cross platform with PlayStation 4.
Not cross platform with Xbox One.
So that's why I have the game on both PC and PlayStation 4.
Because I have friends that pretty much only play on PlayStation 4.
And I have friends that pretty much only play on PC.
Truth be told I don't get on PlayStation 4 a lot and play with my friends.
I kind of tend to gravitate to PC.
But that's only because when it comes to shooters these days I kind of prefer keyboard and mouse.
It's weird when it's Halo I prefer controller but I feel like Halo was made for controller.
And Overwatch was probably made for PC and then kind of like backed into controller if that makes sense.
But I know some people that play Overwatch that swear by controller so you do what works for you.
It ain't always about me.
I only play the controller because I never got into the keyboard and mouse.
It's like the only way I can do it.
I know and playing controller on PC is probably really dumb.
I have a laptop. I have no place to put a mouse.
You're not the only one that does it.
I know for a fact you're not the only one that's plugged controller in the PC and done it that way.
I think you're putting yourself at a disadvantage but...
I don't play competitively. Well actually I don't play at all right now but you know.
I wasn't playing competitively to begin with.
But like if you know that you're going to fumble with keyboard and mouse and you're better with controller then is it really a hit or miss?
Yeah I know because I'm not used to it at all.
I mean I was trying to think back when I used to play Duke Nukem and stuff.
I'm like that was all keyboard. There was no mouse.
It was just straight up just keyboard.
So I'm like how the fuck did I do that?
Bobby Blackwolf in chat at live.vognetwork.com says it's time the car is controller only confirmed.
No I had keyboard stuff as well.
A designer has to consider all elements.
So anyway.
Alright let's get to some gaming news.
I will just mention housekeeping. I don't have a lot to say except follow us on Twitter.
Twitter.com slash o-l-r. We're also on Facebook.
Facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
You know what I haven't plugged in a while is the Discord server.
If you're not on the Discord server you really should check it out.
It's all free. Many of y'all are using Discord for your other games anyway.
Like if you're playing Overwatch online you might just be saying screw it to Blizzard chat and using Discord.
If you're playing anything Nintendo online you're probably using Discord because Nintendo's app.
Let's be real.
So join the VOG Network Discord. It's vognetwork.com slash Discord.
And that'll keep you up to date on all the latest and greatest going on around the network.
Including new shows as they come up online from not just us but all the great shows on our network.
As well as some of the shows if they've opted in and if you're a show that wants to opt in let me know.
Have their own chat channels.
We have a channel on there and we have some folks that post stories in there that we sometimes read on the show.
I know this week we just got a new one for Anime Jam Session now has a chat room.
And Shaking and Crying, the newest VOG Network show, also has a chat room.
So that's just growing over at Discord.
So check that out. Vognetwork.com slash Discord.
Okay, let's get into gaming news. I think it's time. Loki, let's do it.
So there is a social platform that's shutting down Mitomo.
It's shutting down May 9th.
Thankfully we didn't have a Mitomo Club.
Well, I do feel bad this is coming up the week the Dark Sakura isn't here.
Because I feel if anybody can appropriately eulogize Mitomo it would be the one of us that's actually still playing it pretty regularly.
So we'll have to ask her how she's doing about it next week.
But yeah, Jamie's the big Mitomo player here.
Yeah, so basically May 9th they're going to be shutting down pretty much all the services that it relies on.
So if you try to launch the app after May 9th they'll basically let you know that you're not going to be able to use it.
It says you'll no longer be able to see your answers or messages in the app.
You can transfer your Mii character to your Nintendo account by linking it to Mitomo.
And your sidekick Mii characters will be deleted.
But you can keep your sidekick Mii characters by saving them with a QR code or something like that.
And then they say Mitomo themed icons and clothing items used in your Nintendo account or Super Mario Run game will not display after the services ended.
So, um, interesting. I'm surprised, like how long was it out? Was it a couple years or not even?
It's probably been about a year and a half.
Year and a half.
It feels like, I don't know, maybe somebody in chat knows the exact date, I don't know.
But I feel like it hasn't been a very long time. Nintendo just recently got into mobile.
And May 9th is such a weird day to do that on. It's like a Wednesday.
So is there something else coming out around that time to replace it?
It launched March 17th, 2016. So it'll actually be coming up on two years.
It'll be coming up on two years by the time they pull the plug.
Interesting. But it's weird though. I don't know.
So I guess all those Mitomo coins or whatever that you earn in that, you can't redeem on your Nintendo account.
No more platinum coins. That's dumb.
ActDeftInChat says, I still play Mitomo and makes a little face with that.
It sucks that all the features from Mitomo will not work after May.
I'm gonna miss taking me photos and dressing up my Mii.
Yeah, I see a lot of people still use, like when I do see Mitomo, it's people using the little Mitomo picture generator with their phone camera to do AR type of pictures.
I guess for lack of a better way of saying it.
That's kind of where I see that feature used the most now.
I wonder if they're coming out with something else to replace it then.
I don't know, Loki. I think this just might be a sign that Nintendo's mobile ventures have not been doing as well as hope.
I didn't play this. Did they have anything like any sort of premium content that you had to purchase in there?
All those costumes.
All the costumes?
Oh yeah. I mean, you could earn some in-game currency like slowly and you got your rewards for logging in.
Remember Mitomo, I don't know if you know, it had like the little pachinko type thing where you could do the drop and then the drops have some of those premium items in them.
And so you could pay currency to get more of the drops.
But you could also earn, you know, kind of slowly through in-game methods as well as the way most mobile games work.
It's either pay to speed it up or, you know, earn it slowly through answering questions, getting people to like your posts, those types of things.
That's the other thing about Mitomo. It wasn't much of a game as it was like a social experiment. I don't know what else to label it.
The closest thing it really came to was Tomodachi Life, which isn't much of a game either.
In fact, in my opinion, and some will disagree and disagree strongly, but in my opinion, Tomodachi Life is a terrible game.
It's made some great memes online and so forth, but I think it's just a dumb 3DS app.
To me, it seemed like those games were even less involved than the free 3DS games that they have included in the 3DS.
Like the little RPG and stuff that you get with the coins that you would earn.
So it's, I mean, there's going to be people out there who are really mad that they're basically losing what they spent their premium coins on after only two years, but...
Yeah, so that's any digital thing.
Right? That's the tricky thing. That's really any digital thing in this day and age.
Someday, Loki, there isn't going to be Ingress anymore.
Which probably would be a better thing for my health and the health of some people I know.
But someday, Loki, there's not going to be a Pokmon GO anymore.
And that's going to be personally upsetting because I've really not spent that much money on Ingress, all things said and done.
I mean, maybe on the physical stuff that ties to Ingress, like the sweatshirt I own and things like that.
But in the game itself, I've barely spent money.
But in Pokmon GO, I don't want to talk about it. We already talked about it a few weeks ago on the show and I'm not going back there.
I've spent more than I care to admit again.
And so inevitably, Pokmon GO will go away.
I think Pokmon GO is going to last longer than two years.
You know, it's still doing very well.
But you just have to look at the amount of time that you spent playing the game versus the amount of money that you dropped into it and whether that was worth it or not.
Which it probably was. I mean, you spent hours playing the game and I'm sure that the cost per hour is pretty small.
And that's kind of what I have to remember. You're right.
Sometimes, Loki, it's not about the Pokmon we caught, but it's about the friends we made along the way.
And, you know, I have met new people playing Pokmon GO.
I went out and did a walk around Capitol Park for three hours on Community Day.
And that's probably not something I would have done if Pokmon GO didn't exist.
So, you're right. That's the only way I'm going to be able to kind of cope when these games inevitably shut down is, well, at least I did all this other shit that would have never happened if it wasn't for those games.
Now, can I say that about Miitomo?
No.
Most of the people I talk to on Miitomo, all of the people I talk to on Miitomo, are people that were connected through my Facebook or my Twitter account anyway.
Which, if I want to post status updates and answer questions, those are probably better platforms for me to be using.
The only thing Miitomo gave me that those platforms didn't give me was Virtual Barbie and Ken.
And Room Designer, which I know they added to Miitomo later on, and some of the other design features, you know, that don't really exist on those other platforms.
So, that's what Facebook needs to get into. Forget this whole game broadcasting thing.
They need to take PlayStation home and put it on Facebook.
Well, they do have Oculus.
There you go. VRChat coming soon to Facebook.
Oh God, I already have it.
No, I know, I know. So, coming soon there.
Yeah, VRChat is slowly working its way to Second Life.
Speaking of games that are going under, Phantasm Chat, and I don't think this is on the show anywhere else, Phantasm Chat over at live.vognetwork.com also brings up Rest in Peace Paragon.
Yeah, that was just announced this past week, too, that Paragon is getting shut down.
And I'm just assuming because Fortnite is where the money's at right now, and everybody's, they're just reallocating their resources there.
Like, this is the game that's making waves, and Paragon wasn't, so see you later, Paragon.
It's kind of sad for the loyalists that were playing that Paragon game.
I checked it out once or twice on PlayStation 4, but I didn't think it was as good as Overwatch.
It just wasn't. I'm sorry. I know there's fans of that game. It didn't feel as polished.
The heroes didn't make sense in the same way, but maybe I'm trying to apply Overwatch logic to Paragon, it just didn't really work.
So, but I do, I have played Fortnite, and I do like, I do like that.
I tried the Battle Royale-esque thing in Fortnite, and that was, that was fun for a little bit, and then I kind of realized I didn't know what the fuck I was doing.
So I just need to keep trying, I guess.
Well, I guess now, if you want to play with Paragon, you just have to play more Diablo 3.
Alright. Anyway, let's move on, talking about livestreaming, as we were doing earlier.
Let's talk about Twitch, and actually, this is a big win for Twitch.
Twitch, back in 2016, took legal action against bot, or I guess, bot sellers?
Bot, view bot sellers.
So, basically, if you were, if you were that comment we got earlier, that I'm only getting one viewer, and it's impossible for me to get discovered,
well, you could pay bots to come watch your stream, and help boost you up in the rankings, which I do not endorse, you should not do.
That's a terrible idea, because that type of shit just always has a way of catching up with you.
And that's kind of what happened here.
Twitch took some legal action, and some court documents were filed on January 22nd, that is shown.
A California judge ordered bot makers, Michael and Catherine and Jomy, to permanently shut down the software, and pay Twitch 1.3 million dollars.
You know where that number came from? 55,000 for damages, 1.31 million is the profits they made off the business.
Think about that for a minute. So when you hear this judgment for one point, all but 55,000 of that, 55,000, we'll say that was court fees, now the actual damages, right?
That bot made 1.3 million dollars. There's that many people out there, desperate to bump up their view counts.
I'm not trying to make anybody feel bad or anything, but I'm just trying to put myself in their shoes. I just would never pay for that.
Why would you want artificial people watching? Because they're not going to stay around.
Once the time's up, it's almost like you get addicted to it, right? It's virtual drugs. That's what it is, right? Just one hit.
I want to see what it feels like to have 100 viewers and go viral. Just one hit. And then when you stop paying, they're all gone.
And if your content wasn't engaging enough to get that stuff organically, then you're not going to keep any of those people that got fooled into subscribing to your stream.
And so you're just going to have to pay again and again and again. Virtual drugs. That's what it is. 1.3 million dollars worth of virtual drugs.
Dungeonbuster in chat at live.vognetwork.com says, views our social currency to some and they want more regardless of the cost.
And AkumaJP in chat says, throwing back to an OLR in-joke, I'll friend your butt for a fee.
That's an in-joke from OLR going back to an old YouTube video.
Kaijuto in chat says, I have no problem with them using bots. I get why Twitch is mad, but it means nothing to me if they used bots or not.
Well, I mean, I suppose at the end of the day, you're right. What they do doesn't really affect me. I mean, their artificial ranking might outrank my organic ranking.
But at the end of the day, does it really matter? Probably not. But the judge did rule in Twitch's favor legally.
Because, you know, the judge is on Twitch's side because it was trademark infringement, unfair competition, a violation of the Anti-Cyber Squatting Consumer Protection Act.
Because they had names like shoptwitch.com, twitchstreams.org, and they would provide streamers with fake viewers for up to $760 a month.
And so Twitch said it made it unfairly easy for streamers to earn money and clear the hurdle into the partner program. Oh, I didn't think of that.
That's why some people were doing this was so that they could artificially hit those milestones to get into the partner program and then dream that they're going to make all this money back now that they're in the program.
Well, it's a good thing that no other streaming platforms out there raise the requirements to get into their partner programs. So I'm sure that won't be a problem anywhere else.
No, it won't. And Twitch said it resulted in a deluge of shoddy content for its viewers, saying, quote, instead of engaging in interesting social interactions on Twitch, they may encounter bots spewing lists of random words.
So, interesting. I thought that was worth noting because I just did not realize how much money was going into that, you know what I mean?
And the fact that Twitch kind of won that. So if you are one of these people that uses these botting services, it's going to come around eventually, so don't get too used to it.
And legally, now there's precedent. Anyway, let's move on. Loki.
All right. Let's talk a little bit about Pokemon Go. So they had some new Pokemon make their way out over here. The big one being, I guess, from the Hoenn region.
So they've got, I know I saw the picture of it. Was it Camerupt, Nosepass, Trapinch, Igrond, and they're saying that even Solrock and Lunatone.
Yeah, those are the two that have these weird region rules, it seems like. So there's more regional exclusives. Hooray.
Yeah, so all in all, there was like 23 new Pokemon that were added.
I don't know about you guys and your parts of the world, but these 23 new Pokemon are not very prolific for me. I'm not seeing them as often as I see other new stuff when they release.
Like, for example, there's a Zigzagoon on the house right now. I see those all the time from Gen 3, which matches the games. They were the Rattata trashy-mons in that series of games.
But I don't see these new ones very often at all. I think I've caught like an Aron, I've caught the thing that looks like a flower with tentacles or something weird.
But I've hatched a lot because Pokemon also is doing that event right now where all the eggs are hatching Gen 3 Pokemon. I don't remember how long that's going, I think it was about a week.
But all the eggs you collect now are going to hatch Gen 3 Pokemon. Keep in mind, if you have eggs in your inventory that you've been sitting on for a while, they can still hatch anything.
They might hatch Gen 3, but they're probably going to hatch Gen 1 or Gen 2 because what is in the egg is determined when you get the egg.
So any egg you collect now is going to have Gen 3 Pokemon in it.
Yeah, I need to hatch my eggs.
It's really good because I've been waiting to get a Wonder Treecko so I can evolve that because I have like 70 Treecko candies so I was ready to evolve it to the next step.
But I was waiting to get a Wonder, for those who don't know what that is, it's basically like a high appraised one that has good attack, defense, HP.
So I was waiting until I got a Wonder Treecko to evolve it on down the line. It took me forever to get a Torchic that way too.
But when you hatch Pokemon, I think they're guaranteed to at least be like, what is it, 70% IV? 80% IV? I think?
So it's always going to be one of the top two appraisals. You're not going to get like, oh, this Pokemon is very unfortunate. So you're not going to get that.
Oh, this Pokemon, you should just put it down.
Yeah, take this Pokemon out.
It's not even worth the meat it's made up of.
Let's see, Act Def says, I do see Numels and Wishmer though. There was a Numel nest for a day here in SAC because the nest rotated the day they launched Gen 3, these new ones, and then they rotated again the very next day during their regular rotation.
So Capitol Park downtown was a Numel nest for a day. Meowth. Womp, womp. Yeah, right? Been there, done that.
I mean, that was a Wailmer nest just a couple weeks ago. That was the motherlode because I actually got a Wailmer nest and I got a Wailord just because that was a nest and that's where we went on community day.
So it was like Pikachu, Wailmer, Pikachu, Wailmer. Pikachu, Wailmer was, you know, awesome. But yeah, now it's Meowth. So we're hoping it'll turn into something better in a couple weeks.
But also pointing out Wishmer is pretty common. Yeah, I would say Wishmer is the one I've been seeing the most. But Wishmer is also one of the rare Pokemon that only takes 12 candy to evolve.
So that's good that that's plentiful because it's something new for the evolving game than just Pidgey. So that's good.
Can we just get rid of the Pidgeys? That would be nice.
I like catching Pidgeys because I go, yay, this is more XP from evolving.
Okay. And then, of course, has been the main complaint with Pokemon Go. Lots of hacking.
So I guess these new Pokemon Go EX raids have been a prime target of hacking.
So I guess EX raids because I haven't actually done these yet. So they're an invitation only game event.
Neither have I. With as much as I play Pokemon Go, I have yet to get invited to one of these raids because they only ever put out the passes for the stupid sponsored stops.
And we don't have a Sprint store in this neighborhood or a Starbucks that is a sponsored stop. Excuse me, a gym. Sorry.
They're sponsored stops. We don't have gyms. Like none of the Starbucks here are gyms.
The closest Starbucks gym. And I'm not giving away where I live because this is far away.
How about Arden is the closest Starbucks gym? That's a ways away from here.
Oh, I've got one right by my house. The Safeway by my house.
You're going to give away where you live.
Oh, yes. By the Safeway. Which Safeway?
Alright, alright. You do what you want.
So there's a Safeway by my house that's a Starbucks gym. And then in that same shopping center they actually have a Sprint store that's also another sponsor.
I don't know if it's a gym. I think it might be a gym. I don't remember.
I actually know exactly where that is. But anyway, I do want to quickly say before because people are already starting to correct me in chat.
I do understand that parks are supposed to be rewarding this as well. Okay, I have a park right by my house I raid infrequently.
There's another park down the street I go to all the time I raid at frequently.
There's plenty of parks I've been raiding at and all the EX passes still seem to be going to Starbucks and Sprint.
I have yet, I mean, I think some of the parks in like East Sacramento, downtown, kind of like 30, I think McKinley Park I heard got a raid.
But it's rare. It's not, they need to rotate where that shit is happening better.
Like I get why they have sponsored stops, but just, you know, enough. Jesus.
So basically what happened was is there was an account of one person that did receive one of these invitations.
It's basically a 20 man raid at a certain location. And so the person gets there to go, you know, catch I guess Mewtwo or something like that.
And the app said that there was 40 people standing right next to them when there was no one standing next to them.
It's just, you know, people spoofing their location.
And that's why they need to mix it up because they need to throw these spoofers off their game.
Because spoofers are regularly raiding those stupid Sprint and Starbucks gyms so that they can get these EX passes so that the rest of us can't get them.
So that's the number one thing that Niantic needs to change and they can do it now is cycle out where you're giving out the EX passes.
Like, okay, cool. Yes. Again, I understand those sponsored places give you money, but consider like shaking it up a little more and throw these spoofers off their game because they have you figured out.
Yeah. And basically, you know, the lobbies in those matches are completely full of spoofers.
So and, you know, they're saying that, of course, another thing that you see is a lot of gyms constantly filled with fake accounts.
It's only, you know, honestly, in my opinion, it's only going to get worse when you can actually trade Pokmon. Can you imagine that? Because now you can have just accounts that are disposable.
I think that's why they've been dragging their fucking feet on that rollout.
Yeah.
ActDeftInChat says at live.vognetwork.com, you kind of have to manipulate gyms and stuff. We don't have sponsored gyms in Mexico at all, and people manage to get those EX rates.
Well, I would imagine because you don't have the sponsored stuff, your parks are becoming those locations. Am I wrong? Like, they're coming up with some type of alternate location.
And if I'm right in that, that's actually probably better than what we have, at least where I live.
You know, okay, yes, there are Sprint and Starbucks stuff, but it's on the other side of town. And I'm lazy. And rush hour.
And the rates end by like 7.30, 8 o'clock. So if I don't go there during rush hour, I'm screwed.
Anyway. Let's see. FantasmChat says, I love New York City. When I was there at any Starbucks nearby, they were so busy, the Wi-Fi was so slow.
So, I mean, was it all Pokmon players trying to get on the local gym? I don't know. Alright. Anyway.
Let's talk about a game that a lot of people are looking forward to, and that is the Avengers project that's coming.
Oh yeah, I forgot all about that.
Yeah, right? Remember they announced it at E3.
I was excited. I'm still excited, but I need to see what it is.
Well, this might make you more excited, actually. You may or may not have heard that Sean S. Gagge, I hope I said that right,
he was with Naughty Dog and worked on Uncharted and The Last of Us. He joined this team at the beginning of the year.
And then just this past week, Stephen Berry from EA Visceral, who worked on Dead Space,
and some other staff who've collectively worked on Batman Arkham Origins and Star Wars Battlefront.
And Crystal Dynamics in a statement about, you know, boasting all this new talent says,
their AAA experience adds to an already deep roster, making us well positioned to deliver on the ambitious goals we've set for ourselves with the Avengers project.
It's a stellar addition of many people who fit incredibly well into our wheelhouse of building game experiences we all love.
This Marvel game is shaping up to be something pretty big, and I imagine this is going to be talk of the town at E3 this year.
This is probably going to be one of the biggest titles at E3 this year.
I hope so. I'm a big fan of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
There is a new Avengers movie this year, right?
There is one in May.
So, there you go.
The big infinity wars where it's like fucking everything. Just throw the sink kitchen in there.
So, maybe the game won't be out by May, because I would think that they would have had to start the ball rolling on that by now.
Well, they still have stuff after this movie.
Oh, sure. Well, yeah. There's a second part to Infinity War. I'm well aware of that.
And there's always timingness with the Blu-ray release, so, you know, it doesn't have to come out date and day with the movie.
So, yeah. It's shaping up to be big. I'm excited to see E3. I think that's going to be the big, big game this year. We'll see.
And, um, isn't there... Didn't we hear rumblings of a third Tomb Raider game? There were rumors and stuff.
Or did they pass it off to another studio? Or what was the deal with that?
Maybe. I mean, I know there's a Tomb Raider movie that's coming out. Isn't that this year? That should be this year.
I think that's this year too, yeah.
Maybe we'll see an announcement around E3?
Meh.
That'll be another big thing to reveal at E3. We'll see.
Alright, just another story here before we get to the classic game of the week, which sadly, Jamie's not here to do it this week.
But I stole it in her place, as I tend to do. Loki.
Alright. So, let's talk a little bit about Xbox Game Pass, in case you forgot what that was.
It's a service that you can pay money to each month, and you basically get access to over a hundred different games.
Kind of think of it a little bit like that PlayStation Now, where you can stream stuff, except this also has Xbox.
I mean, I guess PlayStation Now also has, like, PlayStation 4 games as well.
I don't know. I don't subscribe to it because I think it's a terrible service, but...
Now, the Xbox will do it.
Well, but they want you to subscribe to it.
Well, you know what? I might be more open to subscribing to it if they fucking added backwards compatibility.
Whereas Microsoft is actually doing that quite often, and adding new games every month.
So, you know what? I would give them more of the benefit of the streaming service than I would...
To be fair, isn't a big, big chunk of the collection PlayStation 3 games, though?
I mean, that's backwards compatible. You want it to go all the way back to PS2 and PS4?
I want it to be able to pop a disc into my system and just play it if I want to, is what I want.
Is that so much to ask?
Apparently. Well, let's come back to this topic later in the show. Yes and no.
So anyways, so now they're saying that with this service, before it was, you know, pretty much Xbox 360 games and stuff like that.
Now they're saying that they're going to even add new exclusive Xbox games that are going to be coming out day and date with their releases.
So for example, Crackdown 3, they show Sea of Thieves and State of Decay 2 as some titles that will be available on the service the same time that they're released.
So that's pretty awesome. So basically, I guess it looks like, yeah, six month subscription to the service is about 60 bucks.
Ten bucks a month isn't bad, especially if you're into renting games and stuff.
So yeah, that's pretty awesome. I mean, if I had an Xbox One and I was into just playing kind of a little bit of everything, that might not be a bad option.
But I'm just going to get Crackdown 3 when it comes out on PC.
Microsoft's really trying to push to, especially, I mean, Sony's vulnerable right now with their PlayStation Network kind of flopping a lot this past week too.
Microsoft's going to try to seize the moment. They have to.
If I had to go back and pick, I got a PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, I probably might have gone with Xbox One.
I like PlayStation VR, so that's a thing. But honestly, they've had better mod support in their games.
They've had, as far as the games coming out multi-platform and stuff, it seems like that they have more features or play better on the Xbox One.
I have to give Microsoft kudos. I love the way they've handled backwards compatibility. I really do.
It's not perfect because the game rollout has been slower, but it's really, really better than what's going on at Sony right now.
Well, just like getting into it later, but if it's that easy, clearly you're trying to monetize it. You're trying to make money off of it.
So it's like, come on. This is ridiculous.
Kaijuto in chat says, PSN isn't flopping. You live in some kind of Trump Earth too. Okay, hold on, because I am not fucking standing for that comparison, first of all.
So I am live going right now to Google News, which hopefully is truthy enough for you.
And I'm going to Google PlayStation Network. Oh, here we go. Top result, nine hours ago. PlayStation Network is having issues again.
It has been down recently quite a bit from what I hear.
So let's see. What else do we have here? Some other headlines here. PlayStation Network hit with server issues for several days.
PlayStation Network update for PlayStation 4 users playing Fortnite and Overwatch. PSN status down. So on and so on.
So you can miss me with that comment. Thank you very much.
All right. Anyhow, let's go back. Let's go back to when times were a little simpler. We didn't even have to worry about online stuff.
We didn't have to worry about online games. You know why? Because you had to go to an arcade to play them.
And those arcade games weren't online either.
That's right. They were never down.
Well, let's not go that far.
That's true. Sometimes they were there.
It's the classic game of the week where we're going to step into the gaming vault and pick out a game that we think, hey, this deserves a little bit of your respect this week.
And for what it's worth, this is something you can play on Sony PlayStation and download it from the store. It's in the Arcade Archives.
And you can check out a classic game called Bomb Jack. That's what I picked for the classic game this week.
A little bit of the noise there for the arcade version of Bomb Jack.
Bomb Jack was released in 1984.
It was released by a company called Tekan, not to be confused with Tekan.
But they actually changed the name of this company a little later on to be Tecmo.
So you probably heard of Tecmo.
And this ended up in one of the Tecmo collections, I think, that showed up on Xbox and stuff later on.
So anyway, what is Bomb Jack?
In this game, you're kind of like, I would say like a floaty Pac-Man is the best way to describe Bomb Jack.
It's like Pac-Man with gravity.
But it's like you kind of float.
You're like the princess from Super Mario Brothers 2.
No, more like Luigi in the way that he slowly kind of jumps and can kind of hang at the top.
That's what Bomb Jack does.
He does high jumps. He floats in the air.
And what you've got to do in this game, you collect the red bombs on the screen.
And you've got to avoid the birds and the mummies.
I don't know why birds and mummies are the enemies, but there you go.
And they can morph into things like flying saucers.
And if you touch them, you die.
But, if you get a power coin, as the player there did, because you heard the little wah-wah noise,
you can actually destroy these things.
It's very similar to when you eat a power...
The Pac-Man.
So what's up with the pyramids and stuff in the background there?
That's just the aesthetic of the background, yeah.
If you collect the bombs in a certain order, you will fill up the meter faster and get that P a little faster.
You can also get a bonus coin, an extra life coin, and a special coin, which gives you a free game.
So as you can imagine, that one is not very common.
It was ported everywhere to a variety of different systems.
And that's actually where I know this game from, because of course, my childhood, Commodore 64.
There was a version of this on the Commodore 64.
Now here's the thing I want to talk about with Commodore 64 for a minute.
So you hear the music in this game, right?
It's all like cutesy, right?
And see, this level doesn't have the ancient Egypt.
It's got like an old castle-type aesthetic.
So they kind of change.
Well, here's the thing.
The music on the Commodore 64 was completely different, and it was awesome.
Here's the music from the Commodore 64 version of the game.
You got it.
Oh man, that sweet sounds of the Commodore 64.
It's just amazing.
So yeah, I like that song a lot better.
Which, by the way, this song was an actual song from the 80s that somebody made, I guess, to be in Bomb Jack.
It was kind of like a licensed song for the Commodore 64.
But the song is a little bit obscure, unless you really follow electronic music.
I know this guy is really big in his industry.
His name, and I hope I'm pronouncing it correctly.
His name is Jean-Michel Jarre, I think is how you pronounce his name.
It was a song called Magnetic Fields Part 2, and here's that song.
Right? It's the same song.
But this song is from 1984, and it fucking sounds like it, right?
There's no lyrics or anything. It's that kind of song.
Anyway, I don't want to play too much of that song because I don't want to get sued.
So we'll go back to the sweet Commodore 64 version of that song while I talk about some of the other ports of the game.
For example, in 1985 it was on the Sega SG-1000.
86 saw a release on the Spectrum, the ZX Spectrum.
It was also on Amstrad.
It was on the Atari ST, the Amiga, the Game Boy in 1992.
And then it kind of started showing up in retro collections.
It was on the MSX. That was an unofficial homebrew.
PlayStation 2 had Tecmo Hit Paradise.
Xbox had Tecmo Classic Arcade.
It was on the Wii Virtual Console.
In 2007 the NES version of the game was, and the arcade version came out when the Wii Virtual Console started doing arcades.
It's on the 3DS Virtual Console, the NES version anyway.
And all the way up to 2014 when the PlayStation 4 port came out.
And then Wii U Virtual Console as well.
Lastly, in 2017 finally the iPhone got a version of this as well.
So yeah, it's a classic game that's come back a lot in some of these retro collections.
Some people may know this from Mighty Bomb Jack.
That was an NES game and an arcade game that came out in 86.
I do want to stress that game was similar in how the bomb guy kind of flew around and collected bombs.
Or people thought they were cherries, the NES version, because they kind of didn't look like bombs.
But it was more of a side-scroller in Mighty Bomb Jack.
It wasn't that way in the original Bomb Jack.
The original Bomb Jack had the static screens.
And the reason why I picked Bomb Jack over Mighty Bomb Jack is that
A. I kind of think it was a better game.
B. The sweet, sweet music from my Commodore 64.
There you go.
Bomb Jack, your classic game of the week.
Did you ever play that, Loki, on any of those millions of...
I don't remember that, no.
Fantaz in chat says, this song sounds ahead of its time.
Dude, seriously, Commodore 64 stuff, like a lot of it was.
Just go to YouTube and just Google, like, best Commodore 64 soundtrack
And you'll get a whole bunch of Commodore 64 game stuff that was just amazing.
In fact, ooh, I should play something during the break tonight.
Let's see, also, Tiger Claw in chat says,
It's interesting how much video game music has influenced electronic dance music these days.
That is an interesting observation, now it's come full circle.
You know, the electronic dance music probably influenced the early video game music.
And still does, I'm sure.
But now it's going the other way as well, you're absolutely right.
It's that video game music, like you hear video games sometimes get sampled
In, you know, pop and electronic stuff, which is pretty cool.
Yeah, Fantaz in chat says,
I was watching a DJ called Zed, he's a pretty well-known guy,
Drop Zelda, and everyone was cheering.
Some guy, I don't remember the guy's name,
Maybe one of you guys that follows electronic music better than I do knows,
Some guy played Look to the Sky from DDR during his set.
I remember that came up on the show about a year ago or so,
And everybody was, woo, because, you know, like a DDR song is pretty cool.
So, anyway.
That's going to do it for this segment of Orange Lawns Radio,
But we'll be back after a quick break, we've got plenty more Orange Lawns Radio to come,
Including a store where you buy video games from,
Might not be there in a couple months, we'll talk a little bit about that.
And we'll talk about an interesting new patent from Sony,
And more when we come back after this break with more of Orange Lawns Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lawns Radio Live Tonight,
This is episode number 716 of our show in progress here for January the 28th of 2018.
You missed some DDR talk at the top of the show if you're just joining us live.
Loki got a DDR machine, if you can believe it.
And I went to a fun tournament yesterday, which we had talked about last week on the show,
That felt like going to a high school reunion, but like the one I wanted to go to.
So, anyway.
We're going to get back into some more news that we have yet to cover,
And we'll start off with some rapid fire news. Loki.
Yes, so unfortunately, and this is kind of not the whole shocking being that they've,
You know, had talked about bankruptcy not too long ago,
But court documents have been filed regarding Toys R Us,
And as part of their chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization plan,
They're going to be closing 182 Toys R Us locations across 40 states.
Now however, this is Toys R Us and Babies R Us as well,
So they are including the Babies R Us locations as well,
And thankfully, at least in this neck of the woods,
It's only a Babies R Us, so whatevs.
Your babies are grown up, you don't care.
Yeah, we went there before, but whatever.
Like most of the Toys R Us nowadays, they have like a section that is Babies R Us.
Yeah, Toys R Us, like every Toys R Us I've been to, like the whole back corner is like the baby section.
So it's, I mean, it's disappointing to see all this stuff closing, but...
Now somebody asked me on Twitter, just so you know,
Because we've talked about it on the show,
When Shane was here, we talked about our adventure to the Toys R Us that's two hours away,
That still has the paper slips to get video games, remember that?
And somebody asked me on Twitter, is that on the list? Did that one close?
No, it is still going to be open,
And hopefully still going to make it take paper slips up to the front to get the games that you need.
Yeah, like, ironically, I go to Toys R Us quite often,
Because it's just, it's nearby and the kids like looking at stuff,
So it's still very, you know, it's always busy when I go in there.
It's never like, you know, not busy.
I mean, I'm sure that they've been impacted a bit by, you know, other retailers and stuff,
But, you know, honestly, think about it, like how many big toy stores are there?
I mean, there's department stores, so you have like toy stores and stuff in like, you know,
Targets and Walmarts and stuff like that, but there's not really any big toy stores anymore.
They're the only ones.
But I do think the Target and the Walmart toy sections are what's doing them in more than like Amazon.
I really do. I think it's those.
And to some extent, I mean, I know this is very minor,
But there's a lot of toys and board games and stuff you can get at like Walgreens,
And drugstores almost always have a toy aisle, right?
I guess those are like kind of discounted close out stuff.
I guess that's true. I think it's probably more the Targets and the Walmarts than anything.
And it's also people buying smarter because nowadays, like if you're looking for something,
You know, like I do a lot of Lego stuff.
I look at there's like whole subreddits and stuff to like deals that are going on.
So it's easy to find.
Okay, I want to get this set.
Who has it on sale, you know, right now?
Oh, Walmart has it on sale, so I'm gonna go get it over there.
Or there's ways to check inventory and stuff.
But Toys R Us, you know, they do have a lot of stuff that you might not necessarily find at those locations.
Like, you know, they have a larger variety of toys that are available.
Whereas those, you know, Targets and Walmarts don't carry everything.
In chat at live.vognetwork.com, Rockat says,
I love going to Toys R Us all the time.
Yeah, you know, the whole way that two hour away from here Toys R Us story came up is because,
You know, Shane, as one of the hosts of Ranger Pride, which I know has been on hiatus for a little bit,
But hopefully it's coming back soon.
He loves to collect the Power Ranger toys.
And so you'd have to go to like all the Toys R Us areas.
So sometimes I would join him because I'd be like,
Oh, well, I could play Ingress or Pokemon and, you know, go to some new places.
Or, heck, in the case of driving all the way up to Chico to go to Toys R Us,
I'm gonna go to Hula's Mongolian Barbecue, which is like the most amazing Mongolian Barbecue,
But it's all the way up there.
So I find a reason to tag along, right?
So, you know, that would be-
Oh man, I haven't had Mongolian Barbecue in a long time.
That sounds really good.
Yeah, so, uh, yeah, so it was kind of like, the toys are, the toy part's cool, but I'm tagging along for the food.
And the uniques.
God, I remember like, it's like, I remember being a kid and just like,
Oh yeah, we're gonna go to Toys R Us.
And it's like, such the event.
Oh yeah.
Oh shit, you know, like-
Well, and Rock Hat again in chat is referencing,
I remember seeing the world of Nintendo back in my early years.
Well, they used to do all that, remember like,
Wasn't it like Nickelodeon did a sweepstakes back in the day?
Where it was like, you would have like,
What was it like the-
What do they call that shit?
Like the shop to you drop?
I don't know, but it was something like, you had like two minutes in a Toys R Us, or maybe it was KB.
No, it was Toys R Us.
Was it Toys R Us?
Yeah, Toys R Us.
And it was like, just fill that card.
It was like you were on Supermarket Sweep, but a toy store.
Yeah, they-
And it was like the contest everybody wanted to win.
Yeah, they were, and there is funny that you mention that, because also Reddit,
There was an AMA that happened a while back, where they had an AMA for someone that was a winner of that contest,
And like, about what happened, and how that went down.
God bless Reddit getting the stuff that people really want to know.
It's awesome, but like, they talked about it like, I guess like beforehand, like obviously they filmed everything,
But beforehand, like, they would walk them around the store, like to show them where stuff was,
Like, and they wouldn't have to necessarily get big things, like they could just kind of tag that they wanted to get that,
Because obviously they're not going to be able to load stuff in their cart.
But like, yeah, it was great.
They can't throw hams in the shopping cart, like they do on Supermarket Sweep.
Which, by the way, is still like in the top three of like all-time best games.
That's like one of my guilty pleasure shows.
That's one of the, which is, okay, okay.
I know this is rapid fire news, but the show is running shorter tonight, so guess what?
Coming up to the straight station, choo choo, tangent train, choo choo.
Okay, here we go.
One of my favorite things to watch on Twitch lately.
I am obsessed.com, I don't think I've talked about this on the show.
I am obsessed.com with Buzzer on Twitch.
What? What's that?
It's B-U-Z-Z-R.
And all they do, all day long, on Twitch, apparently they are also a digital channel.
Because you know how like when all the TV stations went from like analog to digital?
Like, all these new networks showed up.
But it's bullshit nobody watches.
Like, except maybe like, okay, maybe you have like a grandma that watches the digital network that shows reruns from the 50s and 60s of obscure TV shows.
Like all the time. Because this is stuff grandma remembers, right?
Those types of things.
Well, one of these digital expansions is a network called Buzzer that shows old game shows.
It's owned by Fermantle Media who did a lot of those old game shows.
So, they have a selection, it's most of those that they actually play on Twitch.
Now, the only read I'm going to give Twitch is that it's very obvious they run the same five hour block over and over for a few days and then switch it out.
But it is still very nice to be able to come home from work, plop on the couch, fire up the Xbox 360,
and watch on Buzzer old episodes of the match game with Brett Summers and Charles Nelson Reilly.
Although lately all the episodes they've been showing have had the guy that was Radar and Mash instead of Charles Nelson Reilly because he was, you know, he was filming a movie or something.
So, he was gone for a little while.
But anyway, my point is, I fucking love watching old game shows right now.
And my understanding is Buzzer over the air just got Supermarket Sweep.
And that's like got to be my top three like of all time game shows.
It's just, it was one of those shows like, you know, where you would be homesick from school or something.
I think it was more of like from school and it's like the shit that you would watch on TV that you would never normally see because-
Today is Price is Right day.
It's like Price is Right, it's just like all this like, you know, what was it?
The People's Court, you know, Supermarket Sweep, all the game shows.
You know, someday when I'm inevitably gone and away from this earth, I want people to remember this.
One of the best highlights of my life, my entire fucking life, was the day I got to go see The Price is Right done live.
No, sadly they didn't call me down on stage. I guess I just wasn't, you know, I was nervous or something.
But we did get to see, we saw two episodes of The Price is Right because it was a Monday.
And we saw one and they were like, we need to fill up our audience for the second one, who wants to stay?
We do!
But for the first episode, which was hosted by Bob Barker, I got to sit, which all in itself, I got to see Bob Barker host a game show.
I mean, check that off the bucket list, right?
But I also got to sit right behind Rod Roddy, rest in peace, right?
The infamous announcer of The Price is Right for many, many, many years.
I got to sit right behind him in that jacket, because you know he dressed like Liberace.
He never wore anything, he always wore a say something outfit.
And that jacket was sparkling in my face, it was legit.
So, I just want everybody to remember, like, what were like the greatest memories of Rob's life the day I got to go see The Price is Right.
Two episodes.
Anyway, I love an excuse to talk about old game shows here on Orange Launch Radio.
It's a secret, not so secret advice of mine.
Speaking of which, when the hell is, you know, when are we getting Starrcade back again?
Wasn't that supposed to be something?
That was supposed to be a thing.
What was that coming back?
I haven't heard. I haven't heard.
Come on, Noel Gus in chat at live.vognetwork.com says, buzzer, I hardly knew her.
That's B-U-Z-Z-R, there's no E in it. That's the way they do the network.
So this is a thing that I never thought I would have to read before, but apparently, someone got the idea that, hey, let's make a Duke Nukem movie.
Which, I'm for that, because Duke Nukem is trash, and it's going to be a trash movie, so I'm down with it.
So who do they decide that they're thinking about casting?
You know what, if they can do Battleship, let them fucking do Duke Nukem. I don't give a fuck anymore.
The Clue reboot, nothing's going to damage me anymore. Fuck up all the old video games, I don't give a shit.
Honestly, you can't fuck up the series any more than Duke Nukem Forever did, so they've already hit rock bottom.
It only goes up from here.
Do you think she's going to jump?
Duke Nukem Forever releases.
I'm referencing a new movie.
So they have John Cena as Duke Nukem. I can't see it, but I don't care, because who gives a shit?
And who, who would be producing this?
But of course, Michael Bay's production company, Platinum Dudes.
So Michael Bay movie, starring John Cena with Duke Nukem.
I'm there, butt in seat, yes.
There's Extra, and then there's Straight Bro Guy Extra.
And this is Straight Bro Guy Extra, which in some ways is more extra than the premiere of RuPaul's Drag Race All-Stars 3.
There's no plot. It's Guy shouting out one-liners, saving strippers and killing aliens.
Who cares? It's going to be fucking awesome.
I'm sorry, I'm just laughing at the whole concept of this. This is extra for straight men. This is exactly what it is.
John Cena in a Duke Nukem movie produced by Michael Bay.
Like, did somebody, somebody made this up? This has to be made up. This can't be real.
You can't get more American than that.
ActDeftInChat says, you do know John Cena is family-friendly, right? Well, so was Elizabeth Berkley when she was on Saved by the Bell.
Yeah, you know what, and that's cool that John Cena is family-friendly.
I'm willing, you know, as much as I hate him, I'm willing to even have Mark Wahlberg reprising.
No!
Or something like that.
Everything.
He was all right in pain and gain. I mean, so he can buff up, you know, to like Duke Nukem.
In the happening, he ran away from wind.
Okay, to be fair, yes, Mark Wahlberg is terrible. Mark Wahlberg didn't write, direct that movie. He was just, he was just a participant.
And the new M. Night Shyamalan is better than old M. Night Shyamalan nowadays, so I don't know.
I mean, granted, he has like, you know, he has the block out, blocked out face for that.
But yeah, I would be, it would be better if they could get someone that would do more of a...
Orel, what's his name? Was it John St. John? What's the guy's name? The guy that does actual Duke Nukem's voice?
Oh, yeah, I think it's like John St. John or something like that, yeah.
Yeah, and get him to do it.
Sadly, they never pick the actual voice actors.
It's like when they do a Mario movie inevitably, which, you know, seems like more and more is gonna happen, like an animated Mario movie.
They're not gonna get Charles Martinet to do the voice, which is unfortunate. He might get to do a cameo somewhere.
Like, he might play, like, Mario's dad or something, but he's not gonna be Mario's voice.
They're gonna get fucking Ryan Reynolds or something along those lines.
It's gonna be fucking weird, Danny DeVito.
I'm just saying.
If we can't get him to be Detective Pikachu, then we might as well get Danny DeVito to be Mario.
Mario or something, like, I don't care.
Oh, my God, Danny DeVito is Wario. Fanfic, sign me up. Make it happen.
You can play anybody. I don't care. Just cast him as somebody. Princess Peach, I don't care. That's fine.
It's just anybody. I'd just get him in.
No, I think Danny DeVito is Wario makes a lot of sense. It really does. Oh, my God.
Anyway, uh, hey, remember when we talked about, like, actual video game news on this program?
Let's talk about a new trailer for Soul Calibur VI that was released this week.
Speaking of a series that I hope is on the ups, coming up with this new game, Soul Calibur VI revealed some new characters.
Returning characters Nightmare, Shang-Wa, and Killik will be confirmed for Soul Calibur VI.
No big surprise there because all those characters were pretty well received in the early Soul Calibur games.
There's also a new person, Groh is the name, or Groh? G-R-O-H. How would you say that?
I'd say Groh, but that is Groh, maybe?
It sounds like Groh.
Yeah, maybe you have to say it with an edge or something like that. But anyway, Groh looks like he wears the power glove on his arm.
Groh is basically kind of like Doomfist with a sword and more armor. So, there you go.
Also of note, we have more talent news. This one's about Square Enix.
A pretty big name going over to Square Enix. Yuji Naka has joined Square Enix. He has mentioned that on his Twitter.
He said, just a quick note to let you know, I joined Square Enix in January. I'm joining game development as before and strive to develop games at Square Enix.
I aim to develop an enjoyable game. Please look forward to it.
And if the name Yuji Naka does not sound familiar, it should because he made Sonic the Hedgehog.
He was one of three people who made Sonic the Hedgehog. So, who knows? Maybe they're releasing a Final Fantasy spin-off where the bros drive a car and it's got to go fast.
No, I have no idea. Or hopefully just doing something new over Square Enix. That would be exciting too, a new IP.
So, he found the way to Square Enix?
He did. He sure did. By the way, it should be pointed out, Yuji Naka, he's known for Sonic, but he did work as a programmer on Alex Kidd in Miracle World and Fantasy Star.
He was a lead on Sonic the Hedgehog until his departure in 2006. So, maybe that's the reason.
So, Karen, what do you do when you're not...
Whoa, hello.
Talking.
Fucking autoplay.
Ghosts.
On the article I'm referencing. Rude. Alright, let's travel around the world and check out what's in stores this week. Loki.
Oh, there's a few things. So, actually this week we've got Dissida Final Fantasy NT coming to Playstation 4.
I didn't understand the demo at all.
Bad demo? Well, I guess Bobby's not picking on that.
I don't want to say it was like Ni No Kuni bad demo, but it was just like one of those, I didn't get it. I misunderstood the assignment.
I didn't get the first Dissida, so...
Bobby Black Wolf, did you play the Dissida demo?
I'll play it.
See, I don't think he did. Because if he did, I'd be hearing all about it on a show about how, what a terrible game it is. He wouldn't be talking about Ni No Kuni anymore.
Oh, he says he did play it. Wow.
He says it wasn't as bad as Ni No Kuni, but I couldn't get the gameplay. Alright, so he's in the same camp I am on that.
It's like they overcomplicated it. Just make Ergits again. Just, you know, with Final Fantasy characters.
I was just hoping it was just going to be like a beat-em-up fighter game. Like, which, another reason why I'm sad Jamie's not here tonight.
I know Dragon Ball, I bet she skipped this show to go play Dragon Ball Fighter fighters more. That's probably what it really is.
But, you know, why not just give me that with Final Fantasy characters? Like, seriously.
Yeah, well, I don't know.
There's a game called Sky Force Reloaded on the Nintendo Switch.
EA Sports UFC 3 on Playstation 4 and Xbox One.
Gundamoniums on Playstation 4 and Vita. Does that have anything to do with Gundam? It kind of sounds like it does.
It's a bullet hell shooter. I have no idea what it's supposed to be, but apparently you can upload your stuff to YouTube, so that's kind of cool.
And then, let's see. Finally, We Were Here Too for PC. That's it.
Alright, would you mind pulling up the UK stuff while I do it?
I already did.
Awesome, okay. I'm going to do Japan here real quick. Japan on the Playstation 4 on February 1st gets their release of Dragon Ball Fighters or FighterZ.
I'm not sure which one you're supposed to say what it is, but I like FighterZ better, but that's coming out in Japan on February 1st.
Just came out here a couple days ago.
And that game Gundamoniums is also out in Japan. They're talking about that in chat right now.
I think that is the same thing you were just referencing a moment ago. It has nothing to do with Gundam. It is like an indie shooter.
I actually was curious, because I like the name Gundamonium, so I actually kind of pulled it up to see more about it.
It kind of looks like a bullet hell type thing, but maybe like, it almost kind of looks like a newer cotton type of game.
Like, I'd be really curious if Jamie's into this, because the way, like with the girl flying with the gun, it kind of looks like cotton on the broom.
So I got to show this to Jamie. Man, miss a week, miss a lot. That's like the third time I'm like, Jamie really needed to see that tonight.
Hopefully she'll listen to this week's show.
Also in the next few days, EA Sports UFC 3 gets its Japanese release. That is worth pointing out as well.
Gundamonium is also making its way to the Vita this week, and that's the lone Vita release.
We do have in Japan on the Switch, Elder Scrolls V Skyrim gets its Japanese release on, excuse me, February 1st.
Lego Marvel Super Heroes 2, also its Japanese release on February 1st.
And that is it for the Nintendo Switch. Just quickly, lastly checking here to see if anything is on the 3DS this week.
No, we don't see anything for the 3DS in Japan really for quite a while. March 15th is the next big major release.
So I think the 3DS is really slowing down.
How about the UK, Loki?
Okay, UK, we've got a game called Candleman coming out on PC.
Final Fantasy XII The Zodiac Age, also on PC, and SteamWorld Dig on the Switch.
And then later on, we've got, looks like, actually it looks like that's it.
I thought there would be more. I'm sorely disappointed.
Alright, well usually the Europe, I think our Europe list only covers the big big stuff.
It kind of misses a lot of the indie stuff, so usually it's a little shorter over there.
Anyway, this is the part of the show where I would usually go to the mailbag, but unfortunately, it's empty.
Womp womp. No emails this week.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send us an email for a future week.
But for now, I guess we will move on with some more news, won't we, Loki?
Yeah, so I'm kind of excited about this.
So apparently there's a new Sony patent that shows a possible upgrade to the PlayStation Move controller.
That they're going to be doing more of like a VR related kind of update to it.
So with that, they're saying that there's going to be some finger tracking technology as well.
Also, they were saying that there looks like something that's like the Move controller,
but they've got like an analog stick and some face buttons that look a little bit different.
I don't know. It kind of looks like a trigger similar to...
I don't know. It doesn't really look like a Vive controller or anything.
It's definitely different. So as long as it's better than the Move controller, I'm all down with that.
One thing I don't see though on this, based on the picture of those, I don't see the glowing ball on the end.
So how they're going to use the tracking with that, I don't see anything in this patent referencing the camera either.
So I'd be curious to see how it would work tracking the position of that.
So I got to buy a whole other set up of stuff for that.
Hey, as long as it works better, I don't fucking care.
That's really one of the worst things about the PlayStation VR is those Move controllers are fucking old and they don't work very well.
Yeah. I mean, I think everybody was really happy when it's like,
Oh, these old accessories I got for my PlayStation 3 are going to be beneficial now on VR.
And now the reality of the whole, oops, it's 10 years old technology at this point.
I'm wondering if they'll get rid of the camera and maybe do something similar to like the beacons that they have for like the Vive and stuff like that.
So it'll track it that way. I mean, I can't imagine, I don't know how it would work then based on this picture.
Do you think Sony's plotting another version of their VR headset?
Is it successful enough to plan a version two that would maybe bring some of this?
They might redesign it a little bit. I don't know if they're going to really, they can't really bump up the specs too much, I would think,
because it's really based on the system it's running on.
And I do need like a PlayStation 4 Pro if I'm going to, you know, really get into it, but we'll see.
I still need to pick up PlayStation VR. I've been kind of sleeping on that too long, but...
They have a lot of bundles nowadays. You can go in with Skyrim VR in it.
Nice. No, check that out. I hear Skyrim VR is pretty neat.
It's pretty cool. I just, you know, I just had picked up Skyrim again.
So like, I was like, eh, I never really want to spend another $60 on Skyrim.
I'll wait, I'll wait for it to get on sale and then I'll pick it up.
All right. Well, let's keep talking about PlayStation here and now finally address what we were kind of referencing a bunch in the first half of the show.
And that is, yep, hackers gonna hack, homebrew's gonna homebrew. Here's the deal.
So PlayStation 4 hackers and modders have managed to find how to get games running in the PlayStation 4 without legally owning them.
This is done with something called PS4 HEN and other modded software that lets the console read backed up games and so forth.
Sony's been releasing new PS4 firmware updates to plug these holes.
But the reason why I wouldn't usually bring that up because you should support games and buy games and I'm not here to tell you how to pirate them.
And I'm only mentioning that because Sony's plugging it up anyway.
Here's why I'm bringing it up is because a new tool from all this apparently allows you to play a backed up PlayStation 2 game on your PlayStation 4.
It's called PS2 PUBGEN and it's based on work that was done by another modder.
And it was using that same exploit that uses the PlayStation 4 games. That's why this all comes together.
And so via Twitter it was mentioned that they were able to get PlayStation 2 games running like Shinobi and Klonoa 2 on the PlayStation 4.
Klonoa 2 is of special note because that did not work on the PlayStation 3.
So the PlayStation 4's PS2 emulator seems to be better. Although that could just-
Although we'll never know because-
We'll never know.
So anyway, long story short, basically hackers have just shown that yes you can load. I mean they're backups and they're definitely a legal bad area.
But the reality is you can play PlayStation 2 games on PlayStation 4. This just proves it.
I mean we kinda already knew it because of the PlayStation 2 games that they sell on PlayStation 4 in the store.
But this shows that it can be run from a backup and essentially you can play, you know, other games that aren't necessarily for sale in the store.
So what gives Sony? Hackers beat you to it.
So now you can no longer say the system's not capable to do it. Well I don't know if Sony really did say that.
They've always just sidestepped the question.
Oh it's not something- It's a real minority of gamers who are asking for that. That's always the line that comes up.
It's hard to say that though when your competition's doing it quite a bit and they're offering that as some part of their service.
So, I don't know.
That being said though, like I have a lot of PlayStation 2 games that I've gotten like in Humble Bundle and stuff.
I don't play any of them.
PlayStation 2?
Yeah.
In Humble Bundle?
Are you sure you don't mean 3?
Maybe I mean 3.
I think you mean 3 because-
No, no, I do mean 2 actually.
How? Because Humble Bundle and PlayStation 2, there's no digital storefront there.
There's PSN.
Not on the 2.
PlayStation 2 is DVD.
For some games they have digital versions of them.
Where would you put it? There was no hard drive.
There's no hard drive on PS2.
PlayStation 2 games that are on the PlayStation 4.
Oh!
Not PlayStation 2 as in like the whole PlayStation 2.
Oh, the hamster woke up. He's running in the wheel now. I get it.
No, no, no. I got like, they did that for like the THQ games.
So like, Destroy All Humans, Red Faction, that kind of stuff.
So I've got a bunch from that.
I just don't necessarily, I don't play it too much.
Well, it's the same issue with Steam.
I own 500 games and I have nothing to play.
Yeah.
That's exactly-
Or I'm gonna go back to working on my DDR machine or playing Final Fantasy XIV or Pokemon Go or something.
Yeah.
I have nothing to play.
Alright, Loki, what's next for us?
Alright, so this is kind of interesting.
So Atari is asking people to invest in a roller tycoon game, roller coaster tycoon game for the Nintendo Switch.
So they're calling it Roller Coaster Tycoon Switch.
And this is apparently using a crowdfunding service called Start Engine.
And they're saying that they're looking to, you know, you have to invest a certain amount of money when you get a certain amount of profits back from it.
So it's actually revenue sharing.
The only problem with that is, you know, a few things.
One, they don't mention Roller Coaster Tycoon Worlds, which was a huge old flop that came out from them not too long ago.
They do only mention their first few games and that they have a mobile game.
And guess what this looks like a port of?
Yep, it's the mobile game.
So they're porting the mobile game to the Switch.
And apparently there's another comment saying that regardless of how well this does in the crowdfunding, they're still gonna bring it into the system.
So why should I pay you money?
I don't know.
It honestly doesn't look that interesting, especially after the last Roller Coaster Tycoon game that came out.
I don't really believe that they can make modern Roller Coaster Tycoon games.
And this is the same company that hopes to launch a new console real soon, huh?
Yeah, actually it is.
The Atari box or whatever they were calling it, right?
Whatever the fuck that's supposed to be.
Atari, y'all.
MXC in our chat at live.vognetwork.com says this crowdfunding news annoys me a lot.
The new Roller Coaster Tycoon is supposedly not a port, but it's by the same developers as the mobile game.
Well, I don't have a problem with that.
But based on their screenshots, whether they're showing as gameplay, it looked like the mobile version.
Yeah, well that's probably like their concept or whatever.
Yikes.
Alright, well let's move on to talking about, speaking of old games.
When I think Atari, I think of old games.
Back when they were like, you know, in their prime.
This is video game companies looking for an exemption to DMCA laws to preserve online video games.
So what happened here is that a notice of proposed rulemaking was published on October 26th.
Where the Copyright Office said they're going to be recommending that the existing exemptions be re-adopted.
And the Copyright Office began the public comment period.
So one of the proposals that was published said basically permitting circumvention by an eligible library, archives, or museum of TPMs protecting video games for which outside server support has been discontinued.
Specifically, the Museum of Art and Digital Entertainment proposes expanding the existing exemption to further include multiplayer online games, video games with online multiplayer features, and massively multiplayer online games, whether stored physically or in downloadable formats, and to add preservationists affiliated with archival institutions as users.
So all this news we've been talking about earlier in the show, Miitomo, Paragon, right?
These games are things you're not going to be able to play at the end of the year.
Because they're going away.
So you will never be able to experience these games again.
Unless, A, hackers do something to allow you to kind of get back in as they've done with Star Wars Galaxy has some bootleg servers and stuff, right?
Or Final Fantasy XI.
Well technically Final Fantasy XI still exists.
Square's running it. Yeah, Square's running it still. On PC they are.
Really? I thought they shut that down a while ago.
No, because they did on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 2, but it is still going on PC.
Really?
Check Steam. Still there.
But anyway, so the maid wanted to basically try to preserve these other games, which makes sense.
So they wanted an exemption for the DMCA laws so that way they would not get in trouble for running bootleg servers to allow people to experience these old games.
So maid has gone forth and talked about, you know, video games like Minecraft and Second Life will say as much about 21st century America as Dickens' Oliver's Twist does about 19th century Britain.
That is, if these games survive into the future.
So, you know, the possibility that Minecraft could go away somehow.
So they're asking the Register of Copyrights to recommend a modest expansion of the video game exemption adopted during the last rulemaking to allow for the preservation of abandoned video games that depend on external servers to function.
Online games or online video games.
I mean, it certainly makes sense to me, and as somebody who's a gaming fan, obviously I really want to see this happen.
I'll be really curious to see the response from the gaming companies.
Is there going to be a gaming company out there who kind of files to object to this?
And I just don't see who would want to do that and why, unless maybe they want to move their thing to mobile.
Because when you talk about Final Fantasy XI, it does make me think, oh, they were going to do that mobile thing.
Atari. I don't know. I'm just mad at Atari.
Just throw their name out there.
Well, they have done that in the past.
I want to say because they were reporting their games to mobile or something. I don't know. Fucking Atari. I don't know. Konami. Who knows.
So I'll be very curious to see if any game company kind of petitions to stop this, but I kind of don't see it happening.
It's really like, at that point, you made your money to the point where you shut down your servers.
So it's not like you're losing, I mean, as you guess, competition.
But honestly, how much is that really going to take away from yourself?
Although, I mean, like Blizzard did come down against the people that are running the classic WoW stuff.
But then again, WoW is running.
To turn around and do what?
To run the same thing.
Warcraft Classic or whatever they're calling it.
That'll be out probably by the end of the year, I imagine.
And it's going to suck. I'm telling everybody right now, Warcraft Classic's going to suck.
Everybody's going to play it for a month and be like, God, this is a grind.
But there's going to be an audience because there were people that were playing it. So obviously they know.
Honestly, I can't wait for the people who complain all the time about Warcraft Classic to be gone for more than a while.
Sorry, I know that makes me sound like a bitch, but it's just the reality.
Like, a lot of those attitudes kind of need to go to Classic Island.
That's another reason why I fully expect WoW Classic's going to be a dumpster fire.
Like, sorry, that's just my opinion.
Well, hopefully they'll learn or make some money out of it.
I just think Blizzard's burning money because people are going to play Warcraft Classic for like a month and then be like, God, this really was terrible.
Why did they do this? I should really go buy all their expansions that they put out.
Yeah, maybe they were onto something when they did all these quality of life improvements and so on.
What are the graphics going to be in WoW Classic?
Because when WoW Classic first came out, we didn't have widescreen monitors.
They just don't have graphics.
So are they going to permissibly upgrade the graphics and the purists will be okay with that?
Or put bars on the side of the screen or what's going to happen?
These are the questions I want to know the answer to.
Maybe we'll get some answers from Blizzard eventually.
In the meantime, just a couple more stories and then we're going to open up the Skype line at Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
Logie?
So you may remember that there was the whole backlash with the loot box situation with Star Wars Battlefront II.
And that some senators from various states were kind of getting involved with possibly making legislation to combat it.
So one senator that's actually presenting a bill to this is actually a Washington state senator.
And Senator Kevin Ranker is actually putting out a bill to investigate whether the items are randomized or not in these different loot boxes and stuff.
And whether it can qualify as gambling for children and other things.
So they basically had, you know, they're doing some investigation whether the mechanisms can be considered gambling under Washington law.
Also if the loot boxes in the games and stuff, if they are considered gambling, if miners should have access to them.
And also if there's, you know, lack of disclosure and transparency with respect to the odds of receiving certain items and stuff like that.
So they're conducting the research and they're supposed to present their findings by December of this year.
And at which time then they'll decide how to proceed from there.
So thank you EA for getting that ball rolling.
Here come the judge.
They just like overstepped the line and it's going to come back to bite you now.
I think this loot box scenario is going to look very different in a year's time.
I've kind of been saying that.
I also think though that they're going to skirt around it somehow though.
You know, something, you kind of like how they go around the gambling laws now by the fact that you have to purchase another currency to purchase the loot boxes.
Yeah, I guess maybe. We'll see. We'll see.
All right, one more story for you guys here tonight.
And this is great news.
Apparently Hello Kitty Cruisers is going to be coming to the Switch.
Yippee!
Yay! That game wasn't very good, but it's a Hello Kitty game.
There's something that's been out before. Was this on the Wii U?
This is on the Wii.
Oh, it was on the Wii U?
Yeah.
No, it was on the Wii U.
So let's see. I finally got the story to pull up here.
So Hello Kitty obviously is like a Mario Kart type of knockoff game, but it's Hello Kitty and friends.
And yeah, through a partnership with Sanrio, blah, dee, blah, dee, blah.
Hello Kitty video game titles to fans and new audiences.
I think 2018 is when they're saying this will come out on the Switch in the US, Canada, and Latin America.
So if you have not had the chance to experience Hello Kitty Cruisers, you will get that opportunity.
I suppose I could take this opportunity to also mention maybe a game a few more of you are probably interested in.
And that's the Secret of Mana remake.
So also talking about potentially the Nintendo Switch for that platform.
So the PlayStation 4, the Vita, yes Vita, and the PC are getting the Secret of Mana remake.
So why not the Nintendo Switch?
Well, producer Masaru Omaeda made some comments about that to kind of give background in terms of when the project started.
It was about two years ago and the Switch hadn't been announced.
Once we had announced this particular remake title, we were very surprised to see the amount of demand and feedback we received for a potential Switch version.
So the voices are heard.
We're aware that people are desiring a Switch version and we will make an effort to see what's feasible in the future, though nothing is confirmed or planned.
So it probably has to do, and you know what it's going to come down to, it's going to come down to how well does it sell on PlayStation 4 and PC and the other platforms.
And that may sound weird because, well, but we want it on Switch.
But the reality is, they're going to need to pay those teams to port it over to the Switch.
Yeah, if it doesn't do well on a platform that has a larger audience then it's not worth porting it over.
That's just the reality of it. I know it doesn't logically make sense because there's going to be a lot of you that are like, well, shit, I'm just going to wait for it to come out on the Switch, I'm not going to buy it.
But reality is, probably not going to happen if it doesn't sell well enough on the other platforms. So get your friends to buy it on other platforms.
Anyhow, the second Atsetsu collection, by the way, you know that came out on the Switch, except we never got it here.
Oimada also commented on this saying, obviously our focus is on Secret of Mana since we're in the last part of its development, so obviously it's hard to definitely say yes, we will release it.
But we've obviously heard a lot of demands and requests for that game to be released in the West, and that's something we will do our best to hopefully achieve, but nothing at this moment in time.
So he's doing a lot of this getting our hopes up shit.
Oimada also kind of wondered, are people over here going to get it? Because Second Atsetsu 3 is linked to the Mana series because there was nothing outside.
Dude, people will get it. It's fine. If Final Fantasy can be understood over here, you're going to be fine.
Yeah.
Anyway, going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com, AkumaJP said, did you know inside Hello Kitty was an old man? He has been the Hello Kitty costume character for 20 years.
It doesn't surprise me. They made a whole documentary about the guy who did Elmo.
Apparently the guy that was wearing the costume for Barney is now a tantric massage therapist.
Yeah, so the people that are putting on the puppet show don't look like the puppets. That's even true with Hello Kitty.
They're all in the kinky sex thing, so...
Allegedly.
Alright. Anyway, Skype line's open, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype if you want to give us a call and talk about anything we've talked about tonight, or maybe something else.
I know it's a little early in the show. It ended up being a bit of a shorter show tonight, but without Jamie.
And I know the Grammys are happening tonight, which I haven't watched the Grammys in like 20 years.
I mean, most of that is thanks to this show being on Sunday nights, but I'm just like, did Meghan Trainor win a Grammy tonight?
I think I saw a picture of her holding a Grammy. If she actually, if she won a Grammy, that tells you all you need to know about why I don't watch the Grammys.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
I did hear Patti LuPone showed up, though. I would watch a YouTube of that. But it'll be on YouTube. I don't need to watch it live.
Alright. No last minute stories, huh? Sure. Oh, okay, yay.
So there's a...
Wait, we got a call. Hold that thought, Loki.
Hello.
We're gonna get to this call. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
What's up, everyone? It's Rama.
Hey, Rama. What's on your mind, buddy?
A lot of good stuff, but you say Grammys. I say WWE Royal Rumble, so that's where my, that's where part of my priorities were tonight.
Is that also on tonight?
Yes.
See, this might surprise you, but that one I kind of get. Just like, I understand next week is the Super Bowl, and we're a little silly for doing a show anyway.
But the reality is, a big part of this audience listens on the podcast, so they're gonna listen when it's convenient for them when there's no major award shows.
And we hope the regular Sunday night people that opt to do the Super Bowl thing instead are gonna listen to the show at their convenience through the podcast at some point throughout the week.
So, you know, we're still gonna be here doing our thing.
That will be me, because I'll be going to a Fuck the Patriots party next week, so you know, that's gonna be good times all around.
You know what, you bring up a good point. Like, why do people care about the Super Bowl this time around? Especially, and keep in mind, Rama, I'm coming from a West Coast perspective.
You have two teams, and I don't follow the NFL very closely, but my understanding is these two teams are not very well-liked outside of their areas.
Pretty much. It's like, next Sunday, all of America, except for the New England State, because we don't count them, will be rooting for the Philadelphia Eagles.
Because, like the Red Sox...
They're not the Patriots.
Look, I am a flaming homosexual man who doesn't care a lot about football, and even I understand that, Rama.
See, but I would have figured you'd be watching the Super Bowl for the tight end.
No, usually I watch for the halftime concert. You know, the Beyonce concert featuring a football game.
The Lady Gaga concert featuring a football game. I don't give a fuck about Justin Timberlake.
Okay, alright, alright. I give you that. I give you that. Please, I just don't want to hear all the way in Sacktown, you shouting, yes, queen, all the way.
No. That is only going to happen if Janet Jackson takes her rightful place, rightful place, by his side on that stage.
And if that doesn't happen, I don't give a fuck. I don't give one fuck, two fucks, red fucks, blue fucks.
Unless Janet Jackson gets her rightful place and her fucking apology from the NFL. I'm sorry, I'm on my fucking soapbox now.
Janet Jackson deserves a fucking apology from the NFL, from CBS, from the entire fucking country, owes Janet Jackson a huge apology.
Jesus Christ, what did I do? I think I just actually summoned Rob Skinner's sass. Holy shit.
I'm sorry, I'm on a bender tonight. What can I say?
It's all good, because we all love it when you get sassy like that. We love it. After you get sassy, we just hand you back your crown and be like, here, sorry, we're sorry, we'll touch it again.
Rama, it was a titty, and everybody went fucking nuts. It was a titty.
Oh, I just remember what Chris Rock said about that, but that's a story for another time.
It's not like y'all ain't looking up titties anyway.
She accidentally put one out there for free, and it was still covered by that weird fucking metal thing.
And you can't tell me that, like, who is it that, like, there's been several costumes, like, even during these award shows, where it's just, like, Boob just fucking hanging out.
And Lil' Kim at the MTV Awards. Like, her outfit was her tit.
The nipple wasn't showing. The nipple wasn't showing. The nipple was in the middle.
Oh, is that where they are, Loki?
No, they had the thing over it, but it was pierced through that or something. I don't know.
She had that metal thing on. You couldn't even see it. We didn't even fucking have HD then. That's the thing.
I don't know.
It wasn't even HD.
Let's go back to what I was talking about earlier this week. So, apparently, I was going through my old computer stuff, and I have all my LiveJournal icons, and someone had made me a LiveJournal icon that was Janet Jackson's nipple thing with my name on it.
And so, yes, it was there, because it's blown up to a LiveJournal icon.
I don't remember her full nipple being on display, but even if it was...
It was on TV, and it was super, like, zoom in on that shit.
Go to a beach in France, for fuck's sake. God. Anyway, sorry, Rami. I know you didn't call in to talk about titties, but, you know.
Yeah, well, it's all good. I'm not gonna complain.
Wait, what's that?
It's all good. You know, I'm not gonna complain.
Alright, sounds good. Wait, was there something actually video gaming related we were supposed to be talking about?
Yeah, I wanted to talk about a couple things now. The Duke Nukem movie. Okay.
John St. John, the voice of Duke Nukem. Oh, he is thoroughly pissed.
He has started a grassroots campaign to have somebody else play John Cena.
Now, some people don't remember, but about a good 15, nearly 20 years ago, there was talk of a Duke Nukem movie, right after Duke Nukem 3D.
It was supposed to be with Brian Bonsworth. But, as you can see, that kinda felt flat on its face.
Right, as a lot of movies never do get off the ground.
It is what it is. I mean, honestly, Cena has it all, except for the personality. That's basically it.
Unfortunately, I mean, this is the reality of Hollywood, and I'm not saying it's right or wrong, it's just the way it is.
John St. John doesn't have that name recognition that John Cena does. He will be lucky if he gets a cameo in the movie after this. He should hope for a cameo.
Basically.
And I'm not saying I agree with it, I'm just saying, that's what happens in Hollywood. If you don't like it, don't see the movie.
Basically. Now, about the whole streaming thing you all were talking about earlier. I'll tell you this, between different platforms, I find streaming to Facebook Live is like the easiest thing.
Really?
Like, webcam, fire it up, that's it. It's so easy. I mean, that's what a lot of people I see at conventions are doing. Like, they got their booth set up, they just fire up Facebook Live and just run the stream. It's just that simple. You don't need any special software.
That's fair. The ease of doing it is certainly a big part of it.
But there are a couple of websites out there where if you use them as the proxy, and you program it, it'll stream to other streaming sites as well. Makes it look easy, which I think is a great idea.
You know what's interesting though, if you're a Twitch affiliate, you can't use stuff like that. Because the content you put on Twitch, I hope I'm not screwing up the agreement, but the content you put on Twitch has to be exclusive to Twitch for 24 hours.
So you can still put your backups on YouTube the next day or whatever, but it has to be exclusive to Twitch for 24 hours. You can't do that multi stream stuff.
They also, they do not bar you from using other streaming services. You can use Facebook and you can use Mixer. They're not gonna, you know, that would be, I think a lot of people would have a problem with that if they were to close all your other doors.
But you can't stream the same thing you're doing on Twitch to these other platforms. That's actually in their agreement. Just a thing you may not know about.
Now obviously not everybody is an affiliate or a partner, but it does seem like they're letting more and more people get in on that affiliate program. So just something to consider.
You know what, I personally don't have a problem with that.
Rami, you're cutting out a little bit. All I heard was that I don't have a problem with it.
My bad. I guess, let me, let me, let me turn up the porn torrents. I'm sorry.
Okay. Do you say the porn torrents?
Yes I do.
Okay.
I mean, personally, I don't have a problem with waiting 24 hours because I go to conventions, let's say I'm recording panels or live stream or something like that, like the Masquerade.
I'm not gonna mess with the footage until I get back Monday or Tuesday. So by all means, enjoy it.
Yeah.
And honestly with Twitch, like if you want to watch stuff like, like the DDR tournament yesterday, it's not on YouTube yet, but just go to dude's Twitch archive. It's all there.
And people are even making clips already. And even when I was watching today, I accidentally hit that clip.
But that's one thing I don't like about Twitch is that if you accidentally hit that clip button, then you just made like a garbage clip of some of these feed.
But anyway, my point is that you can watch that stuff on demand right away.
And Bobby's pointing out another change that's happened to Twitch lately saying, I'm ready to go full on Twitch at this point.
Apparently you can upload videos and debut them at a specific time on Twitch now and then have a group viewing party.
That is true. Twitch is trying to kind of push into YouTube space there a little bit, but they're still trying to keep it live by like your new video debuts at this time.
But if you're not super into that concept, you can set the debut time as like 30 minutes from after you upload it.
I think the minimum is like on the half hour after you upload it.
I think that's pretty cool.
I do too. I think it's neat. It's a concept I may explore more. I gotta be careful what I promise I deliver, especially since I'm doing the three podcast thing.
But obviously Twitch is something I do still definitely want to expand on when time permits.
It kind of makes your Twitch stream sort of like your own independent TV station if you think about it.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
So I haven't really played around with Twitch that much, but I got a couple of projects in the works.
But right now I may just stick with Facebook Live just to see how it works.
Sure.
Well, we'll see.
We'll see.
Also, another thing with Twitch, if you're if you're worried about the barrier to entry, you might want to check out this was just released.
Streamlabs just released their own version of Open Broadcast Studio, OBS, which is like the very popular streaming software.
And a lot of people kind of find that software, it's not exactly the easiest thing in the world to use.
So some people get intimidated by that. You have to kind of watch some tutorials to get the sense of it.
But I think Streamlabs version has a lot of built in stuff already.
Now, my disclaimer, I actually haven't used this myself yet, but I'm curious to check it out because Streamlabs, they're the ones that are doing a lot of the overlays that people are already using.
For example, when somebody clicks the subscribe button and I get that little gif that comes up that says, you know, Rama just subscribed to your station.
So I can go, yay, thank you, Rama.
You know, that is all from Streamlabs is that basically you have to import Streamlabs website into your feed to get that to display.
Well, now that Streamlabs basically has its own studio software, it's all kind of integrated.
So it's going to make that process, I think, easier for some people.
So just to kind of piggyback on what you said about people are using Facebook because it's easier.
Some people are recognizing that about Twitch.
That's a little more difficult to just jump in and do.
So maybe some of those walls are going to come down.
Yeah, hopefully, because if you're using Streamlabs or something like that, you have to have a decent power desktop or laptop to use it.
Whereas with Facebook Live, I mean, I have a Surface 3 laptop and that's an Atom processor.
I can use that and just jump right on live and just rock and roll.
Yeah, for sure.
All right. Well, Rama, I'm going to let you go because we've been on a call a little while, but I want to make sure we free it up for some other folks.
But I hope everybody listens to Anime Jam Session.
And thanks for calling, as always.
Yeah, cool. No problem. Keep it real, bro.
All right. I always do. Take care, buddy.
You too. Bye.
OrangeLoungeRadio all one word on Skype.
Loki, you were starting to do a last minute story and I cut you off.
Yes. So there is this Kickstarter for an application called NES Maker.
So basically what is NES Maker? It's making NES games without coding.
We did bring this up on the show last week, just so you know. Sorry.
That's awesome. And they've already hit their goal and they're...
Oh, they hit their goal?
Yeah, they're way over their goal.
They're 139,000 of their 32,000 goal.
So the newest, last time I checked this, their new goal was the music maker part of it.
But they've hit like a bunch of stretch goals, adventure module, platformer, RPG, brawler and shooter modules have been...
Dude, that music maker is going to be awesome.
You know, I kind of had to force myself to learn GarageBand because Victoria and I were like,
where are we going to get an intro for our new show?
And I was like, I really kind of want to get away from using existing songs.
I'm like, how hard can GarageBand be?
I said, Slagkick from Gamebooie told me he made the intro to R.I.F. in GarageBand.
So how hard can GarageBand be?
So I actually like tried to force myself to like learn how to use GarageBand and make loops.
But what you may not know is that Victoria did the same thing.
And the intro you're actually hearing to Shaky and Crying is the one she did.
So it was better. I couldn't get away from it sounding like the stock footage thing.
But anyway, the reason why I bring that up is that if they bring out an NES maker that's similar to like GarageBand
and, you know, kind of putting stuff together, that could be really cool for people that want to do more Chiptune stuff.
Yeah, I do want to check this out. It seems like a neat idea. I don't know.
I'm not interested necessarily in the module that actually dump it to a cart, so I don't have an NES.
As is my reservation with most Kickstarters in the year 2018,
but I really hope this team is able to deliver the product they're promising.
You'll have to excuse me if I am extremely skeptical in the year 2018.
Yeah, I understand. At least the target date's not until August.
I mean, that's not that far away, but, you know, that's a good pushback.
All right, good luck.
Any other last minute stories?
Yeah, apparently during the whole like I think Dota event that was going on,
there was a Valve presentation and one of the first things that people were asking
for, Half-Life 3, they said was, yeah, we're still making games and people laughed
because they didn't believe them, but apparently they're still making games.
Oh, well, okay. Who knew?
Just some day we'll hear about them.
That's all I got.
All right, OrangeLoungeRadio, one more shout out for the Skypline.
OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word on Skype.
Rama in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
Carrie Fisher wins the Grammy posthumously.
That's the only relevance to the Grammys. Fair enough.
MXC says OBS is still open source, so it seems the Streamlabs thing is built on top of the OBS engine
and that's okay because OBS is open source. Yes, true.
That OBS really killed, what was the other big one people had to use before it?
It was X something. People had XSplit, I think.
And they wanted to charge quite a bit of money for it and they still do.
I think it's still out there.
They're probably trying to give you some reason to keep it.
But man, OBS, I mean, it's free and it's pretty easy to use, I think.
But I also, keep in mind, when I was in college, I was actually studying like television
and I did things like edit a music video and edit some of those jokes from Understation Live
that were the mini movies that I was in that some of you, I'm reaching here,
but some of you that have been listening to the show a long time know what I'm talking about.
Some of those in-jokes from Understation Live, those things that were college projects
that we were editing. So my point with that is a lot of those same concepts and things
were like on the software we were using then that are in OBS.
So it's not that hard for me to use.
But anyway, we do have another call coming in, so I'm going to get to it if it will load here.
I think it's taking us time to connect.
Hi, you're on Orange Laundry Radio. Who's this?
Hey, it's dark. Good to see you.
Hey, we haven't heard from you in a while. How are you?
Well, I mean, you're always in chat. We don't get to Skype with you much.
What's on your mind?
Oh, just a couple of quick things.
Yeah. Go for it.
Hey, quick question for Loki. Did you happen to find anything on that hard drive when you were transferring?
Like find what? I found all my mix show stuff.
Yeah, anything like OLR related because I guess Missy had asked about it on Twitter. I don't know if you saw that.
Oh, they're looking for Orange Laundry Radio archive stuff.
Yeah, I didn't keep any of the episodes.
Yeah, no, he never had episode masters. That was really all me.
And yeah, I assure you between Missy and DDR Angel and some of the other big collectors, you guys had it all.
Everything. In fact, when Missy was here, I dumped everything from my archives and gave it to her.
So yeah, unfortunately, there are a handful of episodes that are just they're gone right now.
Yeah.
But the good news is, I mean, like most honestly, it's probably only at most like 50 episodes that are gone.
Like there's still a whole time. And who knows that they might turn up someday.
I still have old computers sitting around here. And if I find some old hard drives, I'll take a look for you. You never know.
That's okay. Because if we miss some of the old episodes, then I'll make my presidential run easier later on.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says those were the best 50 episodes, obviously.
Excuse me, you're listening to the best episode happening right now and the 49 before it, obviously. Thank you.
No, she had pinged me on Twitter. So I thought I'd act about that.
Appreciate it. Well, anything else on your mind, Dr. Tzuyu?
Just one quick thing. Did you know that President Cat had made her Twitch debut late last year?
No, like as an actual streamer or somebody playing the game.
Yeah, someone was playing the game this late last year.
I knew about the retro streamer guy because you sent us a tweet on it.
And I had something else going on IRL, so I wasn't able to watch it live. But I know somebody did do it. I did see the tweets about it.
Yeah, that's Retro Pals on Twitch. I do recommend checking them out. They play a lot of older stuff.
I have nothing against Retro Pals. I'm sure they're an awesome stream and the fact that you like them I'm sure makes them awesome and good.
But I seem to recall, Loki, did we not broadcast President Cat when you bought it on Justin TV back in the day?
Because we were in the studio set up.
Maybe. I don't remember.
I feel like we did. Because I know we played it.
I'd still have it somewhere.
I think we did, Dr. Tzuyu. I don't know if they did it first. They might be the first to do it on Twitch, though, because when we were streaming it was on Justin.
Yeah. Oh yeah.
So.
Alright, well my friend, I'm going to let you go so we can see if we can get any more calls. But thanks so much for calling. It's always a pleasure to hear from you.
Yeah, sure.
Take care.
Yep, thank you.
Alright. OrangeLounge Radio, all one word on Skype if we get any last minute. You got a call right now because I'm about to close it up.
Loki, anything else to note here?
No.
No? I noticed Mr. Smoosh has come out into the studio and made himself known. He wants to get some pets from Loki and probably wants to get some food too at some point.
That's usually why he wakes up from his nap. Hopefully will not keep me awake at all hours of the night. This is the latest thing he likes to do.
If the blinds are pulled in the bedroom, which, you know, we don't like to have the sunlight in. The blinds are usually pulled.
He will jump up on the windowsill and start clawing at the blinds so he can see through them.
Oh yeah, I remember my cat used to do that. Trying to get it behind the blinds.
Annoying. Annoying. And then last night his snoring was so loud that Alan ended up going out to the couch.
Because he couldn't sleep through Mr. Smoosh's snoring. He snores so loud. He didn't already know Mr. Smoosh is my cat.
Alright, well that's it. No more calls are coming in so I think we're going to wrap up the show.
That's going to do it for another episode of Orange Laundry Radio.
Hey, as we say every week on the show, if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Laundry Radio, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice but if you guys aren't out there, we can't get your voices on here.
Always appreciate having some new voices here at Orange Laundry Radio.
A nice five star review on a site like iTunes or Google Play or wherever it is you found this show.
That goes a very long way so we really appreciate those where you can do that.
That really does it for the show. I guess it's time for final thoughts. Loki, any final thoughts you want to get out?
I'm going to hopefully keep playing DDR and see about foam modding those pads because that's only like 20 bucks to do that so I may start that this week.
Alright, and I guess my final thought is Mr. Smoosh wants me to take more pictures for his Instagram, huh? Yeah.
Mr. Smoosh likes being a celebrity, doesn't he? You spoiled kitty.
We'll be back in seven days. Hopefully Jamie's back and we can all do this again here at Orange Laundry Radio.
Thanks so much for tuning in tonight. We'll see you next Sunday. I am aware there is a big football game on but we'll still be here nevertheless.
So join us either on the podcast feed or be here live because I'm pretty sure the football game ends before we do.
So come join us. We'll see you in seven days. Have a good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Music.